rade relations, including higher tariffs and greater restrictions on goods imported
from certain regions. While we pursue mitigation strategies, including through selective, staggered,
and strategic price increases on our products sold in the US and by negotiating cost-sharing
arrangements with our independent manufacturers, we may be unable to offset all resulting
32
Table of Contents
increases to our cost of goods sold. These risks may have a material adverse impact on demand
for our products.
• Macroeconomic factors, including inflationary pressures, increased tariffs, geopolitical unrest, and
escalating global conflicts, are creating a complex and challenging environment for our business
and industry. While these factors did not materially impact our business or results of operations
during fiscal year 2025, the full impact of these factors is difficult to quantify and could negatively
impact us in future periods.
Brand and Omni-Channel Strategy
• We remain focused on increasing global consumer awareness and adoption of our brands, which
has continued to positively impact our financial results. Our efforts to drive brand adoption are
focused on building brand acceptance and heat through launches of innovative product offerings,
coupled with marketing investments across multiple geographic markets and channels of
distribution, including strategic expansion of the global marketplace.
• We continue to implement a marketplace inventory management strategy for our brands through
segmentation and differentiation. During fiscal year 2025, we continued to experience alignment on
product assortments that resulted in higher full-price sell-through, which benefited our gross
margins across all channels of distribution. While gross margins continue to be an area of strategic
focus, we may not experience these benefits to our gross margins in our fiscal year ending
March 31, 2026 (next fiscal year) due to various factors, including impacts from macroeconomic
and geopolitical factors, discussed above, as well as potential impacts from our pricing strategies.
• Our long-term strategy remains focused on building our DTC channel to represent an increased
proportion of our total net sales, which includes differentiating the consumer experience from the
wholesale channel to drive increases in acquisition and retention to sustain strong market positions
and a high level of demand for our brands. We expect increased sales in the DTC channel will
continue to positively impact our gross margins. However, as we expand doors with wholesale
partners to drive brand awareness and market share in the near-term, our wholesale channel may
represent a higher portion of our total net sales in certain periods, which could pressure our
margins in those periods.
• We continue to implement our international growth strategies for the HOKA and UGG brands to
represent an increased proportion of our total net sales. We continue to selectively expand our
HOKA brand presence through additional locations with our wholesale partners and targeted retail
store expansion within our DTC channel. We also continue to invest in certain regions that provide
influential market presence to build HOKA brand awareness, and we expect to continue making
these investments, including in our next fiscal year. We continue to emphasize elevating the
customer experience for our brands through category expansion and collaborations.
Supply Chain
• To support our growing business, we continue to invest in our network of global warehouses, DCs,
and 3PLs, which have fixed and variable costs, with variable costs changing relative to changes in
net sales. We continue to diversify our third-party manufacturers and the regions in which they
operate. We are currently negotiating the transition of one of our international 3PLs to a new partner
with an upgraded warehouse management system during our next fiscal year. We expect to
continue to invest in and build upon these infrastructure capabilities to continue meeting customer
and consumer demand.
REPORTABLE OPERATING SEGMENTS OVERVIEW
As of March 31, 2025, our three reportable operating segments include the worldwide operations of the UGG
brand, HOKA brand, and Other brands. Information reported to the CODM, who is our Principal Executive Officer
(PEO), is organized into these reportable operating segments and is consistent with how the CODM evaluates our
performance and allocates resources.
33
Table of Contents
Change in Reportable Operating Segments. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, the financial
information regularly used by the CODM to evaluate performance, make operating decisions, and allocate
resources was revised. In connection with executive leadership alignment, and the recent divestiture and phase out
of certain brands, the CODM shifted resource allocation decisions and performance assessment to a brand focus,
rather than a distribution channel focus.