g statements,” which are subject to
numerous risks and uncertainties. Our actual results of operations may differ materially from those expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth in the section titled
“Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” within this Annual
Report.
Unless otherwise indicated, all figures herein are expressed in thousands, except for per share and share data.
OVERVIEW
We are a global leader in designing, marketing, and distributing innovative footwear, apparel, and accessories
developed for both everyday casual lifestyle use and high-performance activities. We market our products primarily
under five proprietary brands: UGG, HOKA, Teva, AHNU, and Koolaburra. Our brands compete across the fashion
and casual lifestyle, performance, running, and outdoor markets. We believe our products are distinctive and appeal
to a broad demographic. Our brands sell our products through quality domestic and international retailers,
international distributors, and directly to global consumers through our DTC channel, which is comprised of an
e-commerce and retail store presence. We seek to differentiate our brands and products by offering diverse lines
that emphasize fashion, authenticity, functionality, quality, and comfort, and products tailored to a variety of
activities, seasons, and demographic groups. Independent third-party contractors manufacture all of our products.
31
Table of Contents
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Consolidated financial performance highlights for fiscal year 2025, compared to fiscal year 2024 (the prior
period), were as follows:
• Net sales increased 16.3% to $4,985,612.
◦ Brand
▪ UGG brand net sales increased 13.1% to $2,531,351.
▪ HOKA brand net sales increased 23.6% to $2,233,090.
▪ Other brands net sales decreased 8.6% to $221,171.
◦ Channel
▪ Wholesale channel net sales increased 17.4% to $2,855,865.
▪ DTC channel net sales increased 14.8% to $2,129,747.
◦ Geography
▪ Domestic net sales increased 11.3% to $3,186,709.
▪ International net sales increased 26.3% to $1,798,903.
• Gross margin increased 230 basis points to 57.9%.
• SG&A expenses increased 17.1% to $1,706,571.
• Income from operations increased 27.1% to $1,179,092.
• Income from operations as a percentage of net sales (operating margin) increased 200 basis points
to 23.6%.
• Diluted earnings per share increased 30.2% to $6.33 per share.
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
Koolaburra Brand. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2025, we began taking steps to phase out our
standalone operations for the Koolaburra brand in order to maintain focus on our most significant organic
opportunities. We closed Koolaburra.com as of March 31, 2025, and plan to wind down the Koolaburra brand in the
wholesale channel by the end of calendar year 2025. Refer to the section titled “The Company,” in Note 1,
“General,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for further information.
Sanuk Brand Asset Sale. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2025, we completed the sale of the Sanuk
brand and certain related assets. Refer to the section below titled “Reportable Operating Segment Overview” for
further information on our results of operations. Refer to the section titled “The Company,” in Note 1, “General,” of
our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for further information on the sale of the
Sanuk brand.
Forward Stock Split and Authorized Share Increase. On September 13, 2024, we effected a stock split and
an authorized share increase. Our financial results included within this Annual Report have been retroactively
adjusted to reflect the effectiveness of the stock split and the authorized share increase. Refer to the section titled
“Basis of Presentation,” in Note 1, “General,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual
Report for further information.
TRENDS AND UNCERTAINTIES IMPACTING OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY
We expect our business and industry will continue to be impacted by several important trends and
uncertainties, including the following:
Macroeconomic and Geopolitical Factors
• We are exposed to risks resulting from evolving US trade policy that has introduced uncertainty and
volatility in global trade relations, including higher tariffs and greater restrictions on goods imported
from certain regions. While we pursue mitigation strategies, including through selective, staggered,
and strategic price increases on our products sold in the US and by negotiating cost-sharing
arrangements with our independent manufacturers, we may be unable to offset all resulting
32
Table of Contents
increases to our cost of goods sold. These risks may have a material adverse impact on demand
for our products.