IP PSU awards is over a multi-fiscal year performance period with metrics
established at the beginning of the performance period, which is generally two or three years (Measurement
Period). The LTIP PSU awards include a market condition tied to the Company’s relative total stockholder return
(TSR) in relation to its peer companies (peer market condition), as well as financial performance conditions tied to
certain revenue and pre-tax income performance targets (financial performance conditions). Following a
determination of the Company’s achievement with respect to the financial performance conditions for the applicable
Measurement Period, the vesting of each LTIP PSU award will be subject to adjustment for the peer market
condition based on the application of the TSR modifier. The amount of the adjustment is determined based on a
F-33
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
comparison of the Company’s TSR relative to the TSR of a pre-determined set of peer group companies for the
Measurement Period.
The grant date fair value of LTIP PSUs is determined using a Monte-Carlo model that simulates a range of
possible future stock prices for the Company and each member of the peer group over the Measurement Period.
For each grant of LTIP PSUs, the Monte-Carlo simulation model factors in key assumptions, such as the market
price of the underlying common stock at the beginning and end of the Measurement Period, risk free interest rate,
expected dividend yield when simulating a TSR, expected dividend yield when simulating the Company’s stock
price, stock price volatility, and correlation coefficients. The Company evaluates the probability of achieving the
financial performance conditions against its most current long-range forecast at least quarterly and may adjust
stock-based compensation expense for its LTIP PSUs up or down based on its estimated probability outcome over
the Measurement Period. The peer market condition is measured as part of the grant date fair value.
The actual number of LTIP PSU awards that vest may increase up to a maximum of 200% of the targeted
amount for the award based on achievement of the financial performance conditions and the TSR modifier for the
peer market condition. No vesting of any portion of the LTIP PSU awards will occur if the Company fails to achieve
the minimum threshold financial performance conditions for each reporting period within the Measurement Period.
For the LTIP PSUs granted during the fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company expects to exceed the
minimum threshold target performance criteria based on the Company’s long-range forecast as of March 31, 2025.
Long-Term Incentive Plan Options. The Company approved the issuance of LTIP NQSOs under the 2015
SIP, including the November 2016 (2017 LTIP NQSOs) and June 2017 (2018 LTIP NQSOs) grants, which were
awarded to certain members of the Company’s management team, with a maximum contractual term ending March
31, 2026. As of March 31, 2019, and 2020, the target performance criteria were achieved and all LTIP NQSOs
under the 2017 LTIP NQSOs and 2018 LTIP NQSOs, respectively, were fully vested. Each vested LTIP NQSO
provides the recipient the right to purchase a specified number of shares of the Company’s common stock at a fixed
exercise price per share based on the closing price of the common stock on the date of grant. During the years
ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, no LTIP NQSOs were granted. During the year ended March 31, 2025,
89,454 shares were exercised pursuant to LTIP NQSOs at a weighted-average exercise price of $10.80. As of
March 31, 2025, no LTIP NQSOs were exercisable and as of March 31, 2024, 89,454 LTIP NQSOs were
exercisable at a weighted average exercise price of $10.80.
Grants to Directors. Each of the Company’s nonemployee directors was entitled to receive common stock
with a total value of $170 for annual service on the Board of Directors (Board) during the year ended March 31,
2025. The shares are issued in equal quarterly installments with the number of shares being determined using the
rolling average of the closing price of the Company’s common stock during the last ten trading days leading up to,
and including, the grant date, which is in alignment with the Company’s equity grant guidelines. Each of these
shares is fully vested and recorded as compensation expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
income on the date of issuance.
Employee Stock Purchase Plans. In September 2015, the Company’s stockholders approved the 2015
Employee Stock Purchase Plan (2015 ESPP), which authorized 6,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock
for sale to eligible employees using after-tax payroll deductions, which are refundable until purchases are made,
and are liability-classified.