, the UGG brand has proven to be a highly resilient consumer-focused line of premium
footwear, apparel, and accessories with year-round product offerings that appeal to a growing global audience and
a broad demographic.
HOKA. The HOKA brand is an authentic premium line of year-round performance footwear, which offers
enhanced cushioning and inherent stability with minimal weight. Originally designed for ultra-runners, the brand now
appeals to world champions, taste makers, and everyday athletes. Expanded marketing and strategic marketplace
presence have fueled both domestic and international sales growth of the HOKA brand, which has quickly become a
leading brand within run and outdoor specialty wholesale accounts and is growing across its global marketplace.
The HOKA brand’s product line includes running, trail, hiking, fitness, and lifestyle footwear offerings, as well as
select apparel and accessories.
Other Brands. Other brands consist primarily of the Teva brand, AHNU brand, and Koolaburra brand. The
Teva brand’s products are built for a range of outdoor pursuits and include a variety of footwear options, from classic
sandals and shoes to boots. The AHNU brand’s footwear products fuse high-performance technology with timeless
style crafted for everyday wear. The Koolaburra brand, for which we are phasing out standalone operations by the
end of calendar year 2025, is a casual footwear brand that uses plush materials to target value-oriented consumers.
As discussed under the section titled “Recent Developments” above, the sale of the Sanuk brand was
completed during fiscal year 2025. The financial results for our reportable operating segments present the former
Sanuk brand within the Other brands reportable operating segment through the Sanuk Brand Sale Date for the year
ended March 31, 2025, and full financial results for the years ended March 31, 2024, and 2023. Refer to the section
titled “Reportable Operating Segments” below for further details about our reportable operating segments.
CHANNEL DISTRIBUTION
Wholesale. Our wholesale channel sells products to a network of third-party retailers, including partner
retailers, and distributors. This approach enables us to expand market reach and leverage the scale and operational
capabilities of its wholesale partners to serve a broad base of end consumers.
We sell our UGG brand products primarily through fashion lifestyle retailers, higher-end department stores,
streetwear and sports style partners, online retailers and partner retailers. As the retail marketplace continues to
evolve to reflect changing consumer preferences, we continually review and evaluate our UGG wholesale
distribution and product segmentation approach.
We sell our HOKA brand products primarily through full-service specialty retailers, outdoor and sporting goods
retailers, select online retailers, fashion lifestyle retailers, sports style partners, and higher-end department stores.
We continue to expand our HOKA brand wholesale distribution globally, including through additional mono-branded
locations operated by partner retailers.
4
Table of Contents
We sell our Teva brand products primarily through outdoor and sporting goods retailers, fashion lifestyle
retailers, large national retail chains, higher-end department stores, and online retailers. We sell our AHNU brand
footwear through domestic streetwear and lifestyle boutiques and retailers.
Direct-to-Consumer. Our DTC channel is comprised of our Company-owned e-commerce websites and retail
stores where products are sold at retail prices. Our e-commerce websites and retail stores are intertwined and
interdependent in an omni-channel marketplace, providing a fluid purchasing experience, which engenders brand
loyalty while increasing product sales and improving our inventory productivity. In addition, we believe many of our
consumers interact with both before making purchasing decisions in store and online. For example, consumers may
feel or try on products in our retail stores and then place an order online later. Conversely, they may initially
research products online and then view inventory availability by store location and make a purchase in store.
E-Commerce Websites. Our global e-commerce websites provide us with an opportunity to directly engage
and connect with our consumers and communicate a consistent message that promotes awareness of our brands’
promises and key initiatives, offers targeted information to specific consumer demographics, and drives consumers
to our retail stores. As of March 31, 2025, we operate Company-owned e-commerce websites in 56 different
countries.
Retail Stores. Retail stores enable us to expose consumers to a curated selection of products and directly
influence our consumers’ experience with our brands.