bligate us to acquire any amount of common stock and may be
suspended at any time at our discretion.
On May 21, 2025, our Board approved an additional authorization of $2,250,000 to repurchase shares of our
common stock under the same conditions as the prior stock repurchase program.
Refer to Note 10, “Stockholders’ Equity,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual
Report for further information regarding our stock repurchase program and capital allocation strategy.
CASH FLOWS
The following table summarizes the major components of our consolidated statements of cash flows for the
periods presented:
Years Ended March 31,
2025 2024 Change
Amount Amount Amount %
Net cash provided by operating activities $ 1,044,523 $ 1,033,184 $ 11,339 1.1 %
Net cash used in investing activities (75,003) (89,331) 14,328 16.0
Net cash used in financing activities (581,334) (417,675) (163,659) (39.2)
Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on
cash and cash equivalents (1,049) (5,922) 4,873 82.3
Net change in cash and cash equivalents $ 387,137 $ 520,256 $ (133,119) (25.6) %
Operating Activities. Our primary source of liquidity is net cash provided by operating activities, which is
driven by our net income after non-cash adjustments and changes in operating assets and liabilities.
The increase in net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended March 31, 2025, compared to
the prior period, was due to $217,349 of favorable net income after non-cash adjustments, partially offset by
$206,010 of unfavorable changes in operating assets and liabilities. Changes in operating assets and liabilities were
primarily due to (1) the impact on net trade accounts payable from timing of receipts of goods and services and
respective disbursements, (2) higher purchases of inventory to support higher demand for our brands, (3) higher net
trade accounts receivable on higher net sales, (4) timing of tax payments and receipts, and (5) favorable changes
due to timing of derivative cash settlements.
Investing Activities. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities during the year ended March 31,
2025, compared to the prior period, was primarily due to an increase in cash proceeds from the sale of assets.
Financing Activities. The increase in net cash used in financing activities during the year ended March 31,
2025, compared to the prior period, was primarily due to a higher dollar value of stock repurchases, inclusive of
excise taxes.
46
Table of Contents
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
Preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with US GAAP requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported. Management bases these estimates and
assumptions upon historical experience, existing and known circumstances, authoritative accounting
pronouncements, and other factors that it believes to be reasonable. In addition, management has considered the
potential impact of macroeconomic factors, including changes in tariff rates, inflation, foreign currency exchange
rate volatility, changes in interest rates, changes in commodity pricing, changes in consumer discretionary spending,
and recessionary concerns, on our business and operations. Although the full impact of these factors is unknown,
management believes it has made appropriate accounting estimates and assumptions based on the facts and
circumstances available as of the reporting date. However, actual results could differ materially from these
estimates and assumptions, which may result in material effects on our financial condition, results of operations and
liquidity.
We believe the following critical accounting estimates involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and
the balances have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of
operations. Refer to Note 1, “General,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report
for further discussion of our significant accounting policies and use of estimates, as well as the impact of recent
accounting pronouncements.
Sales Returns and Chargebacks. Revenue is recognized net of estimates for sales returns, chargebacks,
and sales discounts in the period in which the related sale is recorded. Estimates for sales returns and chargebacks
are based on various factors as follows:
Sales Return Liability. The amounts of these reserves are determined based on several factors, including
known and actual returns, historical returns, and any recent events that could result in a change from historical
return rates. For our wholesale channel, we base our estimate of sales returns on any approved customer requests
for returns, historical returns experience, and any recent events that could result in a change from historical returns
rates, among other factors.