d prior to the end of the reporting
period. Amounts of these reserves are based on known and actual returns, historical returns, and any recent
events that could result in a change from historical return rates.
We identified the evaluation of the wholesale sales return liability as a critical audit matter. There was a high
degree of auditor judgment required to evaluate recent events that could result in a change from historical return
rates used to estimate the wholesale sales return liability.
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the
design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company’s process for
estimating the wholesale sales return liability, including controls related to the development of estimated return
rates. We evaluated the wholesale sales return liability using a combination of Company internal data, known
F-2
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
recent trends, and actual and historical known information. We analyzed the Company’s internal data and
external correspondence to assess adjustments made by management, if any, to historical return rates based on
consideration of recent events. We assessed the Company’s ability to accurately estimate the wholesale sales
return liability by comparing the historically recorded sales return liability to actual subsequent product returns.
We also analyzed actual product returns received after year-end but prior to the issuance of the consolidated
financial statements.
/s/ KPMG LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1992.
Los Angeles, California
May 23, 2025
F-3
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
Deckers Outdoor Corporation:
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited Deckers Outdoor Corporation and subsidiaries’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as
of March 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2025, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, the related
consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-
year period ended March 31, 2025, and the related notes and financial statement schedule (collectively, the consolidated
financial statements), and our report dated May 23, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial
statements.
Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also
included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles.