tors (Board) who oversee
our ESG strategy and have ultimate oversight over all sustainability initiatives, strategies, and programs, including
economic, social, and environmental risks. The Corporate Governance Committee and Board regularly receive
updates on the status of our ESG program. In addition, the Audit & Risk Management Committee (Audit Committee)
of the Board periodically assesses risk management, including climate-related risks and policies, to ensure a
consistent corporate strategy. The Board considers whether the ESG program adequately identifies material risks in
a timely fashion, implements appropriate responsive risk management strategies, and transmits necessary
information with respect to material risks within the organization. Our Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) is
responsible for the day-to-day management of our ESG program. The program’s execution is driven by our
leadership team and various cross-functional teams including our ethical sourcing, facilities, warehouses and DCs,
brands, innovation, materials, and supply chain teams.
Our ESG program aligns our internal teams with our Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), and establishes
policies to encourage our partners and suppliers to employ sustainable business practices. We annually assess
risks related to ESG issues as part of our overall enterprise risk management approach. In addition, our internal
audit team provides periodic targeted reviews of our ESG-related policies and procedures to the Audit Committee.
Stakeholder Engagement. We highly value stakeholder input and have consistently demonstrated our
commitment to maintaining open and interactive dialogue on ESG matters with our stakeholders, including non-
governmental organizations, employees, stockholders, suppliers, industry groups, communities, and governments,
to ensure their views are actively considered in executing our ESG program. Our stakeholder outreach program is
led by a cross-functional team that includes members of our investor relations, compliance, sustainability, and legal
teams. Additionally, we actively engage with our employees to obtain valuable feedback and track progress,
including through regular employee engagement surveys.
Sustainable Development Goals. We work to establish SDGs that we believe are the most relevant to our
business, our operations, our stockholders, and the communities in which we operate. We are a member of the
United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), the world’s largest voluntary corporate sustainability initiative. This
membership requires an annual statement of progress, which is reflected in our Corporate Responsibility and
Sustainability Report (Creating Change Report). Our CAO identifies specific SDGs established by the UNGC, which
we adopt to guide our ESG strategy.
Our annual Creating Change Report for the year ended March 31, 2025, which will be published in calendar
year 2025 under the “Responsibility” tab of our website located at ir.deckers.com, will provide more information
regarding our fiscal year 2025 ESG achievements with a focus on the SDGs discussed below. The content of our
website, including our Creating Change Report, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or in any
other report or document we file with the SEC.
8
Table of Contents
We believe the progress of our corporate responsibility efforts is evidenced by disclosing goals and relevant
metrics and, to that end, we have aligned the reporting standards included in our Creating Change Report with the
Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (commonly referred to as TCFD),
Global Reporting Initiative’s (commonly referred to as GRI) Core Standards, and Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board’s (commonly referred to as SASB), and now part of the International Finance Reporting Standard
(or IFRS) Foundation Consumer Goods Sector Apparel, Accessories and Footwear Index.
HUMAN CAPITAL - OUR PEOPLE AND OUR CULTURE
Employees. As of March 31, 2025, we employed approximately 5,500 employees, reflecting an increase of
14.6%, compared to March 31, 2024, in North America, Europe, and Asia. This includes approximately 2,000
employees in our retail stores but excludes temporary and seasonal employees.
Culture. Our key values, which guide our journey onward together to improve our business and create a better
world around us, and help hold us accountable to deliver on this purpose, are as follows:
• Come as you are. Authentic employees create an authentic company.
• Better together. The power of independent spirit, united for a common goal.
• Commit to create. Curiosity fuels creativity, which in turn fuels innovation.
• Own it. We set high targets and hit them and take accountability when we don’t.
• Do good and do great. We act with integrity and humility and respect each other and our
communities to drive a sustainable business.