e year or less and have
payment terms that are generally 30 to 60 days.
Wholesale and international distributor revenue is recognized either when products are shipped or when
delivered, depending on the applicable contract terms. Retail store and e-commerce revenue transactions are
recognized at the point of sale and upon shipment, respectively. Shipping and handling costs paid to third-party
shipping companies are recorded as cost of sales in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
Shipping and handling costs are a fulfillment service, and, for certain wholesale and all e-commerce transactions,
revenue is recognized when the customer is deemed to obtain control upon the date of shipment. Refer to Note 2,
“Revenue Recognition,” for further information regarding the Company’s components of variable consideration.
Cost of Sales. Cost of sales for the Company’s goods are primarily for finished goods, as well as related
overhead. Finished goods includes material costs, including commodities, for products; allocation of initial molds;
and tooling cost that are amortized based on minimum contractual quantities of related product and recorded in cost
of sales in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income when the product is sold.
Distribution Costs. Distribution costs include payroll and related costs, rent and occupancy, depreciation and
other related costs, and other miscellaneous expenses for owned warehousing, third-party logistics provider (3PL)
service fees, and receiving, inspecting, allocating, and packaging product. Distribution costs are expensed as
incurred, and primarily included in unallocated enterprise and shared brand expenses. Such costs amounted to
$279,090, $238,312, and $206,191 for the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and are
recorded in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Refer to Note 12,
“Reportable Operating Segments,” for further information on the Company’s unallocated enterprise and shared
brand expenses.
Research and Development Costs. Research and development costs include payroll and related costs, and
other segment items, which are expensed as incurred, and included within each reportable operating segment, as
well as unallocated enterprise and shared brand expenses. Such costs amounted to $56,676, $49,171, and $38,657
for the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and are recorded in SG&A expenses in the
consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Refer to Note 12, “Reportable Operating Segments,” for further
information on the Company’s unallocated enterprise and shared brand expenses.
Advertising, Marketing, and Promotion Expenses. Advertising, marketing, and promotion expenses include
media advertising (television, radio, print, social, digital), tactical advertising (signs, banners, point-of-sale materials)
and other promotional costs specific to the Company’s brands, and amounted to $432,198, $348,852, and $271,140
for the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are recorded in SG&A expenses in the
consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Advertising costs are expensed the first time the advertisement
is run or communicated. All other costs of advertising, marketing, and promotion are expensed as incurred. Included
in prepaid expenses as of March 31, 2025, and 2024 are $4,045 and $1,130, respectively, related to prepaid
advertising, marketing, and promotion expenses for programs expected to take place after such dates.
Stock-Based Compensation. All of the Company’s stock-based compensation is classified within stockholders’
equity. Stock-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and
is recorded, net of forfeitures, in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income ratably
over the vesting period. The grant date fair value of time-based restricted stock units (RSUs) and of employees’
F-18
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
purchase rights under the employee stock purchase plans is determined based on the closing market price of the
Company’s common stock on the date of grant. The grant date fair value of long-term incentive plan performance-
based stock units (LTIP PSUs) is estimated as of the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation.
Determining the fair value and related expense of stock-based compensation requires judgment, including
estimating the percentage of awards that will be forfeited and probabilities of meeting the awards’ performance
criteria, as well as the Company’s reliance on the closing price of its stock on the New York Stock Exchange at or
near the time of grant.