income. Refer to Note 5, “Income Taxes,” for further information on tax impacts and
components of tax balances in the consolidated financial statements.
F-19
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
Comprehensive Income. Comprehensive income or loss is the total of net earnings and all other non-owner
changes in equity. Comprehensive income or loss includes net income or loss, foreign currency translation
adjustments, and unrealized gains and losses on cash flow hedges. Refer to Note 10, “Stockholders’ Equity,” for
further information on components of OCI.
Net Income per Share. Basic net income or loss per share represents net income or loss divided by the
weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted net income or loss per share
represents net income or loss divided by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding, including the dilutive
impact of potential issuances of common stock. Refer to Note 11, “Basic and Diluted Shares,” for a reconciliation of
basic to diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding.
NOTE 2. REVENUE RECOGNITION
Disaggregated Revenue. Refer to Note 12, “Reportable Operating Segments,” and to Note 13, “Concentration
of Business,” for further information on the Company’s disaggregation of revenue by reportable operating segment
and by geographic location, respectively.
Net sales by channel was as follows:
Years Ended March 31,
2025 2024 2023
Wholesale $ 2,855,865 $ 2,432,307 $ 2,160,675
Direct-to-Consumer 2,129,747 1,855,456 1,466,611
Total $ 4,985,612 $ 4,287,763 $ 3,627,286
Variable Consideration. Components of variable consideration include estimated allowance for sales
discounts, allowance for chargebacks, and sales return asset and liability. Estimates for variable consideration are
based on the amounts earned or estimates to be claimed as an adjustment to sales. Estimated variable
consideration is included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of the
cumulative revenue recognized will not occur in a future period.
Allowance for Sales Discounts. The Company provides a trade accounts receivable allowance for sales
discounts for wholesale channel sales, which reflects a discount that customers may take, generally based on
meeting certain order, shipment or prompt payment terms. The Company uses the amount of the discounts that are
available to be taken against the period end trade accounts receivable to estimate and record a corresponding
reserve for sales discounts. Additions to the allowance are recorded against gross sales in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income.
Allowance for Chargebacks. The Company provides a trade accounts receivable allowance for chargebacks
for wholesale channel sales. When customers pay their invoices, they may take deductions against their invoices
that can include chargebacks for price differences, markdowns, short shipments, and other reasons. Therefore, the
Company records an allowance primarily for known circumstances as well as unknown circumstances based on
historical trends related to the timing and amount of chargebacks taken against customer invoices. Additions to the
allowance are recorded against gross sales or SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
income.
Sales Return Asset and Liability. Reserves are recorded for anticipated future returns of goods shipped prior to
the end of the reporting period. In general, the Company accepts returns for damaged or defective products for up
to one year. The Company also has a policy whereby returns are generally accepted from customers and end
consumers between 30 to 90 days from the point of sale for cash or credit.
F-20
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
Sales returns are a refund asset for the right to recover the inventory and a refund liability for the stand-ready
right of return. Changes to the refund asset for the right to recover the inventory are recorded against cost of sales
and changes in the refund liability are recorded against gross sales in the consolidated statements of
comprehensive income. The refund asset for the right to recover the inventory is recorded in other current assets
and the related refund liability is recorded in other accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets. The
amounts of these reserves are determined based on several factors, including known and actual returns, historical
returns, and any recent events that could result in a change from historical return rates.