 pursuant to leases
signed, but not yet commenced, primarily for new HOKA brand retail stores and a regional office, for which the leases are
expected to commence in the first quarter of our next fiscal year.
(2) Our purchase obligations for product consist mostly of open purchase orders that we expect to fulfill in the ordinary
course of business. Outstanding purchase orders are primarily issued to our independent manufacturers and are typically
expected to be paid in less than one fiscal year. We can cancel a significant portion of the purchase obligations under
certain circumstances; however, the occurrence of such circumstances is generally limited. As a result, the reported
amount does not necessarily reflect the dollar amount of our binding commitments or minimum purchase obligations and
instead reflects an estimate of our future payment commitments based on information currently available.
(3) Our purchase obligations for commodities represent remaining commitments under existing supply agreements, which
are subject to minimum volume commitments (collectively, commodity contracts). We typically enter into commodity
contracts for sheepskin and sugarcane-derived EVA. We expect purchases under commodity contracts in the ordinary
course of business will eventually exceed the minimum commitment levels. The reported amount generally reflects
remaining minimum commitments we expect will be consumed in future periods in the ordinary course of business, and any
remaining deposits expected to become fully refundable or to be reflected as a credit against future purchases which are
recorded in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. There are no deposits included in the amount above that have
not been fully consumed as of March 31, 2025.
(4) Our other purchase obligations consist of non-cancellable minimum commitments for IT services, 3PL service fees and
other supply chain services, promotional expenses, and other commitments under service contracts. These amounts
exclude capital expenditures expected to be made in the next fiscal year, which are further discussed below.
(5) Net unrecognized tax benefits are gross unrecognized tax benefits, less federal benefit for state income taxes, related to
uncertain tax positions taken in our income tax return that would impact our effective tax rate, if recognized. As of March
31, 2025, the timing of future cash outflows is highly uncertain related to expirations of statute of limitations of $15,288 and,
since we are unable to make a reasonable estimate of the period of cash settlement, it is excluded from the table above.
Refer to Note 5, “Income Taxes,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for further
information on our uncertain tax positions.
Refer to Note 7, “Commitments and Contingencies,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within
this Annual Report for further information on our operating leases, purchase obligations, and other contractual
obligations and commitments.
Capital Expenditures. We estimate capital expenditures that will be made before the end of our next fiscal year
will range from approximately $120,000 to $130,000. We anticipate these expenditures will primarily relate to
expanding our HOKA brand retail store fleet, refreshes to our existing retail store fleet, IT infrastructure and system
improvements, as well as upgrading our existing warehouses and DCs, and office facilities. However, the actual
amount of our future capital expenditures may differ significantly from this estimate depending on numerous factors,
including the timing of facility and retail store openings, as well as unforeseen needs to replace or refresh existing
assets.
45
Table of Contents
Stock Repurchase Program. We continue to evaluate our capital allocation strategy and consider further
opportunities to utilize our global cash resources in a way that will profitably grow our business, meet our strategic
objectives, and drive stockholder value, including by potentially repurchasing additional shares of our common
stock. As of March 31, 2025, the aggregate remaining approved amount under our stock repurchase program is
$374,701. Our stock repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any amount of common stock and may be
suspended at any time at our discretion.
On May 21, 2025, our Board approved an additional authorization of $2,250,000 to repurchase shares of our
common stock under the same conditions as the prior stock repurchase program.
Refer to Note 10, “Stockholders’ Equity,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual
Report for further information regarding our stock repurchase program and capital allocation strategy.