merit, as well as annual cash bonus compensation, which is based on Company and
individual performance. We provide tuition reimbursement for eligible US employees up to $5 thousand per calendar
year. Further, to foster a stronger sense of ownership and align the interests of management with stockholders,
time-based restricted stock units and long-term incentive plan performance stock units are granted to a substantial
proportion of our leadership team under our stock-based compensation programs. In addition, employees across
the US business have the opportunity to purchase stock at a discounted price through our Employee Stock
Purchase Plan. Further, we engage an independent compensation consultant, FW Cook, which provides us with
information to evaluate the effectiveness of our executive compensation program, including competitive pay
practices and trends in our industry, the design and structure of our executive compensation program, and the
formulation of and benchmarking against our peers within our industry.
Employee Wellness. We strive to be one of the best places to work and recognize our employees are at
different stages of life and have individual needs. We offer affordable, innovative, comprehensive, and competitive
benefits package that range from health insurance, retirement plan, life insurance, disability, accident coverage,
paid time off, paid and unpaid leave including parental leave, mental health benefits, and other voluntary benefits
such as health savings accounts and our recently adopted solar and electric car reimbursement program.
Employee Health and Safety. The health and safety of our employees is our highest priority. We have
comprehensive safety training programs to help ensure our employees know how to do their jobs safely and in
compliance with laws and regulations. We prioritize the safety of our facilities and work to ensure they are modern
and efficient.
SEASONALITY
A significant part of the UGG brand’s business has historically been seasonal, with the highest percentage of
net sales occurring in the third fiscal quarter, which has contributed to variation in results of operations from quarter
to quarter. However, we have mitigated the impacts of seasonality by diversifying and expanding product offerings
with additional year-round styles. In addition, as the HOKA brand’s net sales, which generally occur more evenly
throughout the fiscal year, continue to increase as a percentage of our aggregate net sales, we expect to reduce the
impacts of seasonality in future periods.
Refer to Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” and Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” within this Annual Report for further discussion of the impacts of
seasonality and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations.
COMPETITION
The industry and markets in which we operate are highly competitive. Our competitors include athletic footwear
companies, branded apparel companies, and retailers with their own private labels. Although the industry is
fragmented, many of our competitors are larger and have substantially greater resources, several of which compete
directly with some of our products. In addition, access to offshore manufacturing and the growth of e-commerce has
made it easier for new companies to enter the markets in which we compete, further increasing competition in the
footwear, apparel, and accessories industry. In particular, and in part due to the popularity of our UGG brand and
HOKA brand products, we face increasing competition from a significant number of domestic and international
10
Table of Contents
competitors selling products designed to compete directly or indirectly with our products. We believe our ability to
successfully compete depends on numerous factors, including our ability to predict, assess, and respond quickly to
changing consumer tastes and preferences, produce appealing products that meet expectations for product quality
and technical performance, maintain and enhance the image and strength of our brands, price our products
competitively, and weather the impacts of supply chain disruptions, among others. In addition, we believe our key
customers face intense competition from other department stores, sporting goods stores, retail specialty stores, and
online retailers, among others, which could negatively impact the financial stability of their businesses and their
ability to conduct business with us.
Refer to Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” within this Annual Report for further discussion of the potential impact
of competition on our business and results of operations.
TRADEMARKS AND PATENTS
We utilize trademarks for virtually all our products, and we believe having distinctive marks that are readily
identifiable is an important factor in creating a market for our products, promoting our brands, and distinguishing our
products from the products of others.