hinery and equipment; internal-use software,
including CCAs; and operating lease assets and related leasehold improvements are amortized to their estimated
residual values, if any, on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life and reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset group may not be recoverable.
Amortization or depreciation are recorded in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
income.
At least quarterly, the Company evaluates factors that would necessitate an impairment assessment, which
include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset group is used, a significant adverse
change in legal factors or the business climate that could affect the value of the asset group or a significant decline
in the observable market value of the asset group, among others. When an impairment-triggering event has
occurred, the Company tests for recoverability of the asset group’s carrying value using estimates of undiscounted
future cash flows based on the existing service potential of the applicable asset group. In determining the service
potential of a long-lived asset group, the Company considers its remaining useful life, cash-flow generating capacity,
and physical output capacity. These estimates include the undiscounted future cash flows associated with future
expenditures necessary to maintain the existing service potential. These assets are grouped with other assets and
liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other
assets and liabilities.
Recoverability of definite-lived intangible and other long-lived assets is measured by a comparison of the
carrying amount to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. If the
carrying amount of the asset group exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is
recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset group, which
is based on either discounted future cash flows or appraised values. An impairment loss, if any, would only reduce
the carrying amount of the long-lived assets in the asset group based on its fair value limitation and is allocated to
F-16
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
individual assets in the asset group, unless doing so would reduce the carrying amount of a long-lived asset in the
asset group to an amount less than zero. Impairment charges are recorded in SG&A expenses in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income. Refer to Note 3, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets,” for discussion on the
Sanuk brand impairment charge recorded during the year ended March 31, 2024.
During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company recorded impairment charges of $4,290 within
unallocated enterprise and shared brand expenses in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of
comprehensive income, primarily for a CCA that was underperforming against the Company’s expectations. During
the years ended March 31, 2024, and 2023, the Company recorded impairment charges of $1,015 and $2,817,
respectively, within its UGG and HOKA brand reportable operating segments in SG&A expenses in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income for the underperformance of certain retail store-related operating lease and
related leasehold improvements.
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. The Company may use derivative instruments to partially offset
its business exposure to foreign currency risk on expected cash flows and certain existing assets and liabilities,
primarily intercompany balances. To reduce the volatility in earnings from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates, the Company may hedge a portion of forecasted sales denominated in foreign currencies. The Company
enters into foreign currency forward or option contracts (derivative contracts), generally with maturities of 15 months
or less to manage foreign currency risk and certain of these derivative contracts are designated as cash flow
hedges of forecasted sales (Designated Derivative Contracts). The Company may also enter into derivative
contracts that are not designated as cash flow hedges (Non-Designated Derivative Contracts), to offset a portion of
anticipated gains and losses on certain intercompany balances until the expected time of repayment. The Company
does not use derivative contracts for trading purposes.