an to continuously improve our approaches to cybersecurity
risk management.
In the three-year period ended March 31, 2025, our business strategy, results of operations and financial
condition have not been materially affected by risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior
cybersecurity incidents experienced by either us or third parties, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not
be materially affected in the future by such risks or any future material incidents. Refer to Part I, Item 1A, “Risk
Factors - Risks Related to Technology, Data Security and Privacy” within this Annual Report for further information.
27
Table of Contents
CYBERSECURITY GOVERNANCE
Our Board has delegated to the Audit Committee primary responsibility for oversight of risk assessment and
risk management, including risks related to cybersecurity and information security issues. Our CDDO and CISO,
who head our cybersecurity and information security initiatives, provide quarterly updates to the Audit Committee,
and annual updates to the full Board. These updates cover various topics, such as efforts to enhance our
cybersecurity posture, operational and incident metrics, mitigation actions, and key performance indicators like
cybersecurity maturity, program health, and audit and compliance activities. In addition to these regular updates,
significant cybersecurity incidents and updates are escalated on an as-needed basis in accordance with our IRP.
Our CDDO and CISO have extensive experience in cybersecurity. Our CDDO has served in his role since
September 2024. He has over 15 years of experience in digital transformations, enterprise technology, artificial
intelligence, and data management. Our CISO has served in various roles in Information Technology for over 25
years, including 15 years in Information Security. He holds a B.S. in Cybersecurity and Information Assurance,
along with industry certifications that include the Information Systems Audit and Control Association Certified in Risk
and Information Systems Control, Certified Information Security Manager, and International Information System
Security Certification Consortium Certified Information Systems Security Professional certifications.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Corporate Headquarters. We own our 14-acre corporate headquarters located in Goleta, California.
Warehouses and DCs. We have a warehouse and DC located in Moreno Valley, California, which began
operations during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015. In October 2021, we began operations in a second US
warehouse and DC located in Mooresville, Indiana. In October 2023, we began operations in a third US warehouse
and DC located in Mooresville, Indiana. We continue to optimize and invest in our operations at these locations.
Regional Offices. We have offices in Austria, Belgium, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Indonesia, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Switzerland, the UK, the US, and Vietnam, to perform a variety of
functions, which include supervising and overseeing the quality and manufacturing standards of our products,
design, product development, distribution, customer service, coordinating regional sales, operations, marketing, IT,
and administration. We also have offices in Macau and Hong Kong to coordinate logistics.
Retail Stores. As of March 31, 2025, we have 50 US retail stores and 129 international retail stores, including
in Austria, Belgium, Canada, China, France, Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, Switzerland, and the UK.
Other than our corporate headquarters, we lease our warehouses and DCs, retail stores and regional offices
from unrelated parties. With the exception of retail stores in our DTC channel, costs associated with our
warehouses and DCs and regional offices are attributable to multiple reportable operating segments and are not
allocated; but instead reflected in unallocated enterprise and shared brand expenses in our results of operations.
Refer to Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,”
for further discussion and results of operations for our reportable operating segments and Note 12, “Reportable
Operating Segments,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for additional
information on unallocated enterprise and shared brand expenses.
We believe our properties are adequate for our current needs and that suitable additional or substitute space
will be available to accommodate the foreseeable expansion of our business and operations.
Significant Properties.