 failure to successfully
integrate any acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial condition.
As part of our overall strategy, we may periodically consider strategic acquisitions to expand our brands into
complementary product categories and markets, or to acquire new brands, technologies, intellectual property, or
other assets. Our ability to do so depends on our ability to identify and successfully pursue suitable acquisition
opportunities. Such acquisitions involve numerous risks, challenges, and uncertainties, including the potential to:
• expose us to risks inherent in entering into a new market or geographic region;
• lose significant customers or key personnel of the acquired business;
• encounter difficulties managing and implementing acquired assets;
• encounter difficulties marketing to new consumers or managing geographically remote operations;
• divert management’s time and attention away from other aspects of our business operations; and
• incur costs relating to a potential acquisition that we fail to consummate, which we may not recover.
Additionally, we may not be able to successfully integrate the assets or operations of any acquired businesses
into our operations, or to achieve the expected benefits of any acquisitions. We may also face cannibalization of
existing product sales by newly acquired products unless we aggressively target different consumers for products
and increase our overall market share. The failure to successfully integrate any acquired business or products in the
future could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.
Further, we may be required to issue equity securities to finance an acquisition, which would be dilutive to our
stockholders, and equity securities may have rights or preferences senior to those of our existing stockholders. If we
incur indebtedness to finance an acquisition, it will result in debt service costs, and we may be subject to covenants
restricting our operations or liens encumbering our assets.
As part of our overall strategy to allocate resources that best align with our long-term objectives, we may seek
to sell one or more brands. For example, during fiscal year 2025, we completed the sale of the Sanuk brand and
began phasing out the standalone operations of the Koolaburra brand. These transactions involve financial and
operational risks, including diverting management and employee time and attention away from other aspects of our
business, separating personnel and financial and other systems, impairments, and adversely affecting relationships
with existing suppliers and customers.
The process of completing any acquisitions or divestitures may be time-consuming, involve significant costs
and expenses, and the expected benefits of such acquisitions or divestitures may not be realized, and our business
or financial results could be negatively impacted.
19
Table of Contents
RISKS RELATED TO OUR GLOBAL BUSINESS STRATEGY AND OPERATIONS, AND INTERNATIONAL
COMMERCE
Our reliance on independent manufacturers and suppliers located primarily in Southeast Asia subjects
us to risks associated with complex and evolving international trade policies, regulatory environments, and
geopolitical relations that could materially increase our costs, disrupt our global supply chain, and
adversely affect our financial performance.
The production of finished goods is outsourced to independent manufacturers, which are primarily located in
Southeast Asia, predominately in Vietnam. The majority of our raw materials and components used in the
production of our products by our independent manufacturers are sourced from designated suppliers. As a result,
our operations are exposed to risks arising from evolving international trade dynamics, including tariffs, import
restrictions, customs disputes, retaliatory measures, shifting trade agreements and cross-border partnerships, and
broader geopolitical instability. US administrations have enacted tariffs on imports, renegotiated or withdrawn from
trade agreements, and implemented other restrictive measures. These changes can adversely affect sourcing costs,
product pricing, inventory flow, and product demand, which could materially increase our cost of sales, adversely
affect our gross margins, and reduce our competitiveness in the US and other markets. Customs authorities may
also disagree with our claimed tariff treatment for certain products, resulting in unexpected costs that may
negatively impact our gross margin. We cannot predict the outcome of ongoing or future trade negotiations, and any
escalation of trade tensions could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of
operations, and those of our wholesale channel customers.