bility to conduct business with us.
Refer to Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” within this Annual Report for further discussion of the potential impact
of competition on our business and results of operations.
TRADEMARKS AND PATENTS
We utilize trademarks for virtually all our products, and we believe having distinctive marks that are readily
identifiable is an important factor in creating a market for our products, promoting our brands, and distinguishing our
products from the products of others. We currently hold trademark registrations for “UGG,” “HOKA,” “Teva,” “AHNU,”
“Koolaburra by UGG,” and other marks in the US, and for certain of the marks in many other countries, including
Canada, China, the United Kingdom (UK), various countries in the European Union (EU), Japan, and Korea. As of
March 31, 2025, we hold 232 designs and inventions with corresponding design or utility patent registrations, plus
64 designs and inventions which are currently pending registration. These patents expire at various times. We
regard our proprietary rights as valuable assets and vigorously protect such rights against infringement by third
parties.
GOVERNMENT REGULATION
We are subject to a wide range of laws and regulations, including US federal, state, and local laws; the laws of
jurisdictions where we operate or plan to operate; and the laws of jurisdictions from which we source our products.
Based on the information and circumstances known to us at this time, compliance with such applicable laws and
regulations is not expected to have any material effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or
competitive position.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy
statements and information statements (and any amendments or supplements to the foregoing) filed with or
furnished to the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act are available free of charge on our website at ir.deckers.com.
Such documents and information are available as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or
furnished to the SEC. We also make certain corporate governance and responsibility documents available through
our website at ir.deckers.com/governance and ir.deckers.com/responsibility/policies, respectively, including Ethical
Supply Chain Supplier Code of Conduct, Audit & Risk Management Committee Charter, Talent & Compensation
Committee Charter, Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, & Governance Committee Charter, Code of Ethics,
Creating Change Report, Accounting and Finance Code of Ethics, EEO-1 Report, and Corporate Governance
Guidelines. The information contained on or accessed through our website does not constitute part of this Annual
Report, and references to our website address within this Annual Report are inactive textual references only.
11
Table of Contents
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Our short and long-term success is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors
that are difficult to predict or beyond our control. As a result, investing in our common stock involves substantial risk.
Before deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock, stockholders and potential stockholders should
carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to the other information contained in or
incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, as well as the other information we file with the SEC. If any of
these risks are realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially
and adversely affected. In that case, the value of our common stock could decline, and stockholders may lose all or
part of their investment. Furthermore, additional risks and uncertainties of which we are currently unaware, or which
we currently consider to be immaterial, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Certain statements made in this section constitute “forward-looking statements,” which are subject to
numerous risks and uncertainties including those described in this section. Refer to the section entitled “Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” within this Annual Report for additional information.
RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY
The footwear, apparel, and accessories industry is subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences,
and if we do not accurately anticipate and promptly respond to consumer demand and spending patterns,
including by successfully introducing new products, we could lose sales, our relationships with customers
could be harmed, and our brand loyalty could be diminished.
The footwear, apparel, and accessories industry is subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences and
fashion tastes, which make it difficult to anticipate demand for our products and forecast our financial results.