 factors as follows:
Sales Return Liability. The amounts of these reserves are determined based on several factors, including
known and actual returns, historical returns, and any recent events that could result in a change from historical
return rates. For our wholesale channel, we base our estimate of sales returns on any approved customer requests
for returns, historical returns experience, and any recent events that could result in a change from historical returns
rates, among other factors. For our DTC channel, we estimate sales returns using a lag compared to the same prior
period and consider historical returns experience and any recent events that could result in a change from historical
returns, among other factors.
Allowance for Chargebacks. We record an allowance based primarily on known circumstances as well as
unknown circumstances based on historical trends related to the timing and amount of chargebacks taken against
customer invoices.
The determination of these sales liabilities and allowances is considered a critical accounting estimate
because significant judgment is required to estimate adjustments to historical return rates and trends. Actual
allowances may differ from estimates due to changes in customer, consumer, or product-specific circumstances.
Refer to Note 2, “Revenue Recognition,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual
Report for further information regarding the sales return liability, allowances for chargebacks, and allowances for
sales discounts. Refer to Schedule II, “Total Valuation and Qualifying Accounts,” in Part IV within this Annual Report
for an analysis of the activity in our allowances for chargebacks and sales discounts.
47
Table of Contents
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts. We provide an allowance against trade accounts receivable for estimated
losses that may result from customers’ inability to pay. We determine the amount of the allowance by analyzing
known uncollectible accounts, aged trade accounts receivable, economic conditions and forecasts, historical
experience, and the customers’ creditworthiness. Changes in the characteristics of our trade accounts receivable
and the aforementioned factors, among others, are reviewed quarterly and may lead to adjustments in our
allowance for doubtful accounts. The calculation of the required allowance involves judgment by our management
as to the impact of these and other factors on the ultimate realization of our trade accounts receivable. Because we
cannot predict future changes in the financial stability of our customers, actual future losses from uncollectible
accounts may differ from our estimates. If the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in
their inability to make payments, a larger reserve might be required in the future.
Refer to Schedule II, “Total Valuation and Qualifying Accounts,” in Part IV within this Annual Report for an
analysis of the activity in our allowances for doubtful accounts.
Inventories. Inventories, which are primarily comprised of finished goods on hand and in transit, are stated at
the lower of cost (weighted moving average) or net realizable value at each financial statement date. We review
inventory on a regular basis for excess, obsolete, and impaired inventory to evaluate write-downs to the lower of
cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business,
less reasonably predictable costs to sell. While we believe that adequate write-downs for inventory obsolescence
have been provided in the consolidated financial statements, consumer tastes and preferences may change, and
we could experience additional inventory write-downs in the future.
Income Taxes. Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates that will be in effect for the years in which those tax assets and
liabilities are expected to be realized or settled.
We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than
not to be realized. We believe it is more likely than not that forecasted income, together with future reversals of
existing taxable temporary differences, will be sufficient to recover our deferred tax assets. If we determine all, or
part of our net deferred tax assets are not realizable in the future, we will record an adjustment to the valuation
allowance and a corresponding charge to earnings in the period such determination is made.
We make estimates to determine income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and uncertain tax
positions.