arding new long-term partners to diversify our country-level manufacturing and
sourcing lines. We plan to continue growing our distribution network to support our long-term strategic objectives but
have experienced and may continue to experience headwinds in connection with these efforts. Failure to adequately
produce and timely ship our products to customers could lead to lost potential revenue, failure to meet consumer
demand, strained relationships with customers and diminished brand loyalty.
Port congestion, temporary closures, vessel availability and reliability, worker shortages, government-imposed
restrictions, such as border closures and shipment restrictions, as well as trade policy changes, may disrupt the
operations of our independent manufacturers and 3PLs, as well as those of our warehouses and DCs, and may
increase the global lead-time for shipments of our products. For example, certain tariffs from Canada could change
shipment routing of product to our Mooresville, Indiana warehouses and DCs, which would increase lead times and
impact our ability to timely fulfill orders from that facility. In addition, geopolitical conflicts have and could in the future
bring about disruption, and volatility in global markets, supply chains, and logistics, which could in turn adversely
affect our business operations and financial performance.
Elevated inventory levels, combined with the uneven flow of receipts and shipments, could cause further
capacity pressures within our US warehouses and DCs and international 3PLs. These pressures may be
exacerbated by labor disputes that affect our partners, which create significant risk for our business, particularly if
such disputes result in work slowdowns, strikes, or other disruptions. As we manage product availability from
disruptions, the timing of sales to our wholesale partners and consumers may be affected, which may result in an
increased risk of order cancellations.
In addition, while we have historically used more expensive air freight to ship our products to meet demand, we
continued to reduce our use of air freight into fiscal year 2025. However, if we experience fluctuations in consumer
demand or product availability and costs in future periods, we may be required to leverage air freight to maintain
service levels.
Our sales in international markets are subject to a variety of legal, regulatory, political, cultural, and
economic risks that may adversely affect our results of operations in certain regions.
Our ability to capitalize on growth in new international markets and to maintain the current level of operation in
our existing international markets is subject to risks associated with international operations that could adversely
affect our sales and results of operations. These risks include:
• foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations between the US dollar and primarily the currencies of
Europe, Asia, Canada, and Latin America affect the prices at which products are sold to
international consumers;
• limitations on our ability to move currency out of international markets;
• burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws and regulations, which may change
unexpectedly, and the interpretation and application of such laws and regulations;
• legal costs related to defending allegations of non-compliance with foreign laws;
• inability to import products into a foreign country;
• supply chain logistics disruptions, such as shipping disruptions in the Red Sea;
• heightened cybersecurity threats;
• difficulties associated with promoting and marketing products in unfamiliar cultures;
• political or economic uncertainty or instability, which has disrupted the global economy and has the
potential to reduce levels of consumer spending, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, particularly our UGG and HOKA brands’ net sales;
• changes in unemployment rates and consumer spending;
• anti-American sentiment in international markets in which we operate;
• changes in diplomatic and trade relationships between the US and other countries; and
21
Table of Contents
• general economic fluctuations in specific countries or markets.
We conduct business outside the US, which exposes us to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and
could have a negative effect on our financial results.
We operate on a global basis, with 36.1% of our total net sales for the year ended March 31, 2025, generated
from operations outside the US. As we continue to expand our international operations, our sales and expenditures
in foreign currencies are expected to become increasingly material and subject to foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations. A significant portion of our international operating expenses are paid in local currencies and our foreign
distributors typically sell our products in local currency, which affects the price to foreign consumers. Many of our
subsidiaries operate with their local currency as their functional currency.