tional tax liabilities, which may
materially affect our financial position and results of operations.
Changes in US and foreign tax laws, regulations, and treaties could materially affect our business. These tax
laws require significant judgment and specialized expertise to evaluate and estimate our worldwide provision for
income taxes. Changes in these tax laws, or to their interpretations, could result in a materially higher tax expense
or a higher effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings. For example, global tax authorities may take differing
positions in interpreting the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development’s guidance, including with
respect to Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, which could modify existing tax principles. These changes and potential
other tax law changes could increase our income tax liability or adversely affect our long-term effective tax rates and
net income.
Many countries in which we operate have adopted tax laws that could impact our financial position and results
of operations beyond fiscal year 2025, including the 15% global minimum tax under the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development’s Pillar Two Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules. As of March 31, 2025, these rules are
either effective or have been adopted in draft form in various countries, and may adversely affect our income tax
expense, profitability, and capital allocation decisions going forward. Based on our current analysis, the enacted
global minimum tax does not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2025. We continue to evaluate the impact of Pillar Two as additional guidance becomes available;
however, uncertainty remains regarding the timing and interpretation of the rules by the jurisdictions in which we
operate.
Additionally, we are subject to tax audits, which may result in the assessment of additional taxes. Although we
believe our tax estimates are reasonable and our tax filings are prepared in accordance with all applicable tax laws,
the final determination with respect to any tax audits, and related litigation, could be materially different from our
estimates or from our historical tax provisions and accruals, especially as there is continued economic and political
pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate. The results of a tax audit or other tax
proceeding could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows during the periods for
which that determination is made and may require a restatement of prior financial reports.
RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK
Our common stock price has been volatile, which could result in substantial losses for stockholders.
The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. The trading price of our
common stock could be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to the following:
• changes in expectations regarding our future financial performance and results of operations;
• changes in estimates of our performance by securities analysts and other market participants, or
our failure to meet such estimates;
• changes in our stockholder base or public actions taken by investors;
• market research and opinions published by securities analysts and other market participants, and
the response to such publications;
25
Table of Contents
• third-party data sources estimating our intra-quarter financial performance;
• quarterly fluctuations in our sales, margins, expenses, financial position, and results of operations;
• the financial stability of our customers, manufacturers, and suppliers;
• legal proceedings, regulatory actions, and legislative changes;
• the declaration of stock or cash dividends, share repurchases, or stock or reverse stock splits;
• consumer confidence and discretionary spending levels;
• broad market fluctuations in volume and price;
• general market, political, and economic conditions, including evolving international trade dynamics
and recessionary conditions; and
• a variety of risk factors, including the ones described herein and in our other SEC filings.
In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often
been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of individual companies. Accordingly, the price of
our common stock is volatile and any investment in our stock is subject to risk of loss. These broad market and
industry factors and other general macroeconomic conditions unrelated to our financial performance may also affect
our common stock price.
Anti-takeover provisions contained in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(Certificate) and Amended and Restated Bylaws (Bylaws), as well as provisions of Delaware law, could
impair a takeover attempt.