s
or less to manage foreign currency risk and certain of these derivative contracts are designated as cash flow
hedges of forecasted sales (Designated Derivative Contracts). The Company may also enter into derivative
contracts that are not designated as cash flow hedges (Non-Designated Derivative Contracts), to offset a portion of
anticipated gains and losses on certain intercompany balances until the expected time of repayment. The Company
does not use derivative contracts for trading purposes.
The notional amounts of outstanding Designated and Non-Designated Derivative Contracts are recorded at fair
value measured using Level 2 fair value inputs, consisting of quoted forward spot rates from counterparties at the
end of the applicable periods, which are corroborated by market-based pricing, with related assets and liabilities
recorded in other current assets and other accrued expenses, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. The
after-tax unrealized gains or losses from changes in fair value of Designated Derivative Contracts are recorded as a
component of accumulated other comprehensive loss (AOCL) in the consolidated balance sheets and are
reclassified to net sales in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income in the same period or periods as
the related sales are recognized. When it is probable that a forecasted transaction will not occur, the Company
discontinues hedge accounting and the accumulated gains or losses in AOCL related to the hedging relationship are
immediately recorded in OCI in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The Company includes all
hedge components in its assessment of effectiveness for its derivative contracts. Refer to Note 4, “Fair Value
Measurements,” for further information on the fair value of derivative instruments.
Changes in the fair value of Non-Designated Derivative Contracts are recorded in SG&A expenses in the
consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The changes in fair value for these contracts are generally
offset by the remeasurement gains or losses associated with the underlying foreign currency-denominated
intercompany balances, which are recorded in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
income.
The Company generally enters into over-the-counter derivative contracts with high-credit-quality
counterparties, and therefore, considers the risk that counterparties fail to perform according to the terms of the
contract as low. The Company factors the nonperformance risk of the counterparties into the fair value
measurements of its derivative contracts. Refer to Note 9, “Derivative Instruments,” for further information on the
impact of derivative instruments and hedging activities.
Stock Repurchase Program. Repurchased shares of the Company’s common stock are retired. The par value
of repurchased shares is deducted from common stock and the excess repurchase price over par value as well as
the portion due for excise taxes, is allocated to retained earnings in the consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note
10, “Stockholders’ Equity,” for further information on the Company’s stock repurchase program.
F-17
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
Revenue Recognition. Revenue is recognized when a performance obligation is completed at a point in time
and when the customer has obtained control. Control passes to the customer when they have the ability to direct
the use of and obtain substantially all the remaining benefits from the goods transferred. The amount of revenue
recognized is based on the transaction price, which represents the invoiced amount less known actual amounts or
estimates of variable consideration. The Company recognizes revenue and measures the transaction price net of
taxes, including sales taxes, use taxes, value-added taxes, and some types of excise taxes, collected from
customers and remitted to governmental authorities. The Company presents revenue gross of fees and sales
commissions. Sales commissions are expensed as incurred and are recorded in SG&A expenses in the
consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The Company’s customer contracts do not have a significant
financing component due to their short durations, which are typically effective for one year or less and have
payment terms that are generally 30 to 60 days.
Wholesale and international distributor revenue is recognized either when products are shipped or when
delivered, depending on the applicable contract terms. Retail store and e-commerce revenue transactions are
recognized at the point of sale and upon shipment, respectively. Shipping and handling costs paid to third-party
shipping companies are recorded as cost of sales in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.