 we could fail to report our progress fully and accurately on such initiatives
and goals, which could negatively affect our reputation, employee retention and recruitment, and the willingness of
our customers and suppliers to do business with us.
Increasing focus on ESG matters has resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, the adoption of legal
and regulatory requirements designed to mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment and requiring
climate-related disclosures. If new laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory
requirements, we may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet such obligations. Our
processes and controls for reporting ESG matters and related data across our operations and supply chain are
evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, including
ESG-related disclosures required by the SEC, European, and other regulators, such as those in California, and
such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported
progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future.
Climate change, natural disasters, public health issues, or other events beyond our control, as well as
related regulations, have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our business.
Natural disasters or other catastrophic events, including the effects of climate change or a pandemic, may
damage or disrupt our operations, international markets, and the global economy. Our operations are subject to
interruption from extreme weather events, power shortages, pandemics, terrorism, political instability,
telecommunications failures, cyber-attacks, war, and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain
disaster recovery plans, such events could disrupt our operations, including through the inability of talent to work,
loss of life, and adverse effects on supply chains, power, infrastructure and the integrity of IT systems, any of which
could materially increase our costs and expenses, decrease sales, and disrupt our business continuity. We could
incur significant capital expenditures and other costs to improve the climate-related resiliency of our infrastructure
and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate the effects of climate change, including compliance with
evolving, and at times inconsistent, laws and regulations. We could also experience increased costs for energy,
18
Table of Contents
production, transportation, raw and other materials, as well as higher insurance premiums and deductibles, which
could adversely affect our operations. Our insurance may not be sufficient to cover losses that we may sustain. Any
event that disrupts our operations or those of our partners or customers could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. Any assessment of the potential impact of future climate
change legislation, regulations, or industry standards, as well as any international treaties and accords, is uncertain
given the wide scope of potential regulatory change in the countries in which we operate.
These events could also adversely affect the supply of raw materials, including sheepskin and leather, disrupt
the operation of our supply chain and the productivity of our contract manufacturers, increase our production costs,
impose capacity restraints, and affect the types of products consumers purchase. Further, public health issues and
related regulatory responses may reduce demand for certain products, deteriorate our ability, or the ability of our
customers, to operate in affected regions, and result in the failure of key business partners to provide services for
our efficient operations, including the inability of our manufacturers or third-party distributors to timely fulfill their
obligations to us, any of which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We face risks associated with strategic acquisitions and divestitures, and our failure to successfully
integrate any acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial condition.
As part of our overall strategy, we may periodically consider strategic acquisitions to expand our brands into
complementary product categories and markets, or to acquire new brands, technologies, intellectual property, or
other assets. Our ability to do so depends on our ability to identify and successfully pursue suitable acquisition
opportunities.