emeasuring our monetary
assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than our subsidiaries’ functional currencies. We
hedge certain foreign currency exchange rate risks from existing assets and liabilities, as well as forecasted sales.
As our international operations grow and we increase purchases and sales in foreign currencies, we will continue to
evaluate our hedging strategy and may utilize additional derivative instruments to hedge our foreign currency
exchange rate risk. We do not use foreign currency exchange rate forward contracts for speculative trading
purposes.
Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations affect our results of operations and can make comparisons from
year to year more difficult. Foreign currency exchange rates, excluding the effect from derivative instruments, to
remeasure monetary assets and liabilities using the exchange rate at the end of the reporting period, had a negative
impact on our income from operations for the year ended March 31, 2025.
We use forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge material exposure to adverse changes in foreign
currency exchange rates. A sensitivity analysis technique has been used to evaluate the effect that changes in the
market value of foreign exchange currencies will have on our forward foreign exchange contracts. As of March 31,
2025, a hypothetical 10% foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation would have caused the fair value of our
financial instruments to change by approximately $34,000. As of March 31, 2025, there are no known factors that
we would expect to result in a material change in the near-term in the general nature of our primary foreign currency
exchange rate risk exposure. Refer to the section titled “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in Note 1,
“General,” and Note 9, “Derivative Instruments,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this
Annual Report for further information on our use of derivative contracts and related accounting policies.
49
Table of Contents
INTEREST RATE RISK
Our exposure to market risk for interest rates relates to our cash and cash equivalents, including cash invested
in highly rated money market funds, and our revolving credit facilities.
Cash and cash equivalents held by us are affected by variable, short-term interest rates. Using our average
invested cash equivalents balance as of March 31, 2025, the hypothetical effect of a 100 basis point change in
short-term interest rates would result in a change of approximately $14,700 to interest income recorded in our
consolidated statements of comprehensive income, along with our operating cash flows, but would not impact the
fair market value of the related underlying instruments. Refer to the section titled “Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies” in Note 1, “General,” and Note 4, “Fair Value Measurements,” of our consolidated financial
statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for further information on our cash and cash equivalents.
Our revolving credit facilities bear interest at variable rates. As a result, we are exposed to changes in market
interest rates that could impact the cost of servicing debt. As there were no outstanding balances under our
revolving credit facilities as of March 31, 2025, the hypothetical effect of a 100 basis point change in interest rates
for borrowings made under our revolving credit facilities would have resulted in no change to interest expense
recorded in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income during the year ended March 31, 2025. Refer to
Note 6, “Revolving Credit Facilities,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for
further information on our revolving credit facilities.
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The Consolidated Financial Statements, the Financial Statement Schedule, and the Reports of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm, are filed in a separate section following Part IV, as shown on the index under
Item 15, “Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules,” within this Annual Report.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
Exchange Act, which are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the
reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and
procedures, our management recognized that any system of controls and procedures, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours is
designed to do, and management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures.