any is contractually obligated under certain of its lease
agreements to restore certain retail, office, and warehouse facilities back to their original conditions. At lease
inception, the present value of the estimated fair value of these liabilities is recorded along with the related asset.
The liability is estimated based on assumptions requiring management’s judgment, including facility closing costs
and discount rates, and is accreted to its projected future value over the life of the asset.
The Company’s AROs are recorded in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and activity
was as follows:
Years Ended March 31,
2025 2024
Beginning balance $ 25,686 $ 24,556
Additions and changes in estimate 2,192 2,730
Liabilities settled during the period (732) (1,724)
Accretion expenses 927 421
Foreign currency translation gains 45 (297)
Ending balance $ 28,118 $ 25,686
Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets. Goodwill is initially recorded as the excess of the purchase
price over the fair value of the net assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill and indefinite-lived
intangible assets are not amortized but are instead tested for impairment annually, or when an event occurs or
F-15
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. The Company evaluates goodwill for
impairment annually at the reporting unit level, which is the wholesale channel of each of the UGG and HOKA
brands as of December 31st of each year. The Company evaluates the Teva brand indefinite-lived trademark for
impairment as of October 31st of each year.
The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative
assessment of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets. In general, conditions that may indicate impairment
include, but are not limited to the following: (1) a significant adverse change in customer demand or business
climate that could affect the value of an asset; (2) change in market share, budget-to-actual performance, and
consistency of income from operations as a percentage of net sales (operating margins) and capital expenditures;
(3) changes in management or key personnel; or (4) changes in general economic conditions. The Company does
not calculate the fair value of the assets unless the Company determines, based on a qualitative assessment, that it
is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. If the Company concludes that it is more
likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount, then the Company prepares a quantitative
assessment.
The quantitative assessment requires an analysis of several estimates and assumptions, including future sales
and results of operations, discount rates, and other factors that could affect fair value or otherwise indicate potential
impairment. The goodwill impairment assessment involves valuing the Company’s various reporting units that carry
goodwill. This includes considering the reporting units’ projected ability to generate income from operations and
positive cash flow in future periods, as well as perceived changes in customer demand and acceptance of products,
or other factors impacting the industry. Upon completion of the quantitative assessment, the Company compares
the fair value of the asset to its carrying amount, and if the fair value exceeds its carrying amount, no impairment
charge is recognized. If the fair value is less than its carrying amount, the Company will record an impairment
charge to write down the asset to its fair value. Refer to Note 3, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets,” for further
information on the Company’s goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and annual impairment assessment
results.
Recoverability of Definite-Lived Intangible and Other Long-Lived Assets. Definite-lived intangible and other
long-lived assets, which include definite-lived trademarks; machinery and equipment; internal-use software,
including CCAs; and operating lease assets and related leasehold improvements are amortized to their estimated
residual values, if any, on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life and reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset group may not be recoverable.
Amortization or depreciation are recorded in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
income.