inue to expand our international operations, our sales and expenditures
in foreign currencies are expected to become increasingly material and subject to foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations. A significant portion of our international operating expenses are paid in local currencies and our foreign
distributors typically sell our products in local currency, which affects the price to foreign consumers. Many of our
subsidiaries operate with their local currency as their functional currency. Future foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations and global credit markets may cause changes in the US dollar value of our purchases or sales and
materially affect our sales, gross margin, and results of operations, when converted to US dollars. Changes in the
value of the US dollar, relative to other currencies, could result in material foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations and, as a result, our net earnings could be materially adversely affected. When the US dollar
strengthens relative to foreign currencies, our revenues and profits denominated in foreign currencies are reduced
when converted into US dollars and our margins may be negatively affected. We routinely utilize foreign currency
exchange rate forward contracts or other derivative instruments for the amounts we expect to purchase and sell in
foreign currencies to mitigate exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. As we continue to expand
international operations and increase purchases and sales in foreign currencies, we may utilize additional derivative
instruments to hedge our foreign currency exchange rate risk. Our hedging strategies depend on our forecasts of
sales, expenses, and cash flows, which are inherently subject to inaccuracies. Foreign currency exchange rate
hedges, transactions, remeasurements, or translations could materially affect our consolidated financial statements.
RISKS RELATED TO TECHNOLOGY, DATA SECURITY AND PRIVACY
A security breach or disruption to our IT systems could materially harm our business, disrupt our
operations, or result in unauthorized disclosure of sensitive information, which could damage our
relationships, expose us to litigation or regulatory proceedings, or harm our reputation, any of which could
materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
We store and transmit a significant amount of sensitive information, including the personal information of our
customers and employees, credit card information, and our proprietary financial, operational, and strategic
information. The loss, theft, misuse, or unauthorized disclosure or access to such information could lead to
significant reputation or competitive harm, result in litigation, expose us to regulatory proceedings, and cause us to
incur substantial losses. As a result, we believe our future success and growth depends, in part, on the ability of our
systems, including those utilizing artificial intelligence (AI) such as generative AI, to prevent the theft, loss, misuse,
or unauthorized access of this information, and to respond quickly and effectively if data security incidents occur.
Data privacy and security incidents may prevent us from maintaining the privacy of this information, result in the
disruption of our business, and require us to expend significant resources to secure such information and respond
to incidents, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
Our success also depends in part on the continued operation of our key business processes, including our IT
and global communications systems. We rely on third-party IT service providers for many of our worldwide IT
functions, including network, hardware, and software configuration, and on internal networks to support business
processes. Any disruption to these systems or networks could, among other things, delay product fulfillment, impede
personnel from performing their duties, adversely impact sales, and expose us to significant costs. Further, we could
experience information silos and inefficiencies across our organization if we do not invest in appropriate operational
systems and processes. If we are unable to structure our systems and processes to respond to changing business
needs, or if we or our third-party providers experience a failure in these systems, our ability to accurately forecast
sales, report our financial position and results of operations, or otherwise manage and operate our business could
be adversely affected.
The frequency, intensity, and sophistication of cyber and data security incidents have significantly increased in
recent years. Like other businesses, we have experienced, and are continually at risk of, attacks and incidents.