acturers and designated suppliers to adopt our Ethical Supply Chain
Supplier Code of Conduct (Supplier Code of Conduct), which requires them to comply with all local laws and
regulations governing human rights, working conditions, anti-corruption, restricted substances, and environmental
compliance, including animal welfare and conflict minerals, before we are willing to conduct business with them.
Refer to the section titled “Environmental, Social, and Governance” below for further information.
INVENTORY MANAGEMENT AND PRODUCT RETURNS
We have an extended design and manufacturing process, which involves the initial design of our products, the
purchase of raw and other materials, the accumulation of inventories, the subsequent sale of the inventories, and
the collection of the resulting accounts receivable. This production cycle results in significant liquidity requirements
and working capital fluctuations throughout our fiscal year. Because our production cycle typically involves long lead
times, which requires us to make manufacturing decisions several months in advance of an anticipated purchasing
decision by the customer, it is challenging for us to estimate and manage our inventory and working capital
requirements.
We seek to manage our inventory levels by considering existing orders, as well as forecasted sales and
budgets by brand for both the wholesale and DTC channels, including consideration of the delivery requirements of
our customers. Our systems and processes are designed to improve our product planning and forecasting,
inventory control and supply chain management capabilities, including our Company-owned e-commerce websites.
In addition, added discipline around SKU productivity, product purchasing decisions, the reduction of production
lead times, and the sale of excess inventory through our liquidation channels, are key areas of focus that have
enhanced inventory performance, including higher inventory turnover, and partially mitigated product cost increases.
Our general practice, and the general practice in our industry, is to offer customers in our wholesale channel
the right to return defective or improperly shipped merchandise, and to accept returns from our consumers in the
DTC channel between 30 to 90 days from the point of sale for cash or credit.
We encourage our customers to place a significant portion of orders as pre-season orders, which are typically
placed up to 12 months prior to the anticipated shipment date, and also provide customers the ability to place in-
season fill-in orders that can be shipped immediately. We work with our customers through pre-season programs to
enable us to better plan our production schedule, inventory, and shipping requirements.
Refer to the sections titled “Trends and Uncertainties Impacting Our Business and Industry” and “Liquidity”
within Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,”
within this Annual Report for further information on our supply chain infrastructure capabilities, working capital and
operating requirements, and purchase obligations for product.
7
Table of Contents
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL, AND GOVERNANCE
As a global leader in designing, marketing, and distributing innovative footwear, apparel, and accessories, our
worldwide reach and impact is significant. We believe consumers are increasingly buying brands that deliver quality
products while striving for minimal environmental impact by employing sustainable business practices. Our
sustainability policies and strategies are informed by our ongoing efforts with multi-stakeholder initiatives, which
involve our stockholders, employees, suppliers, and customers, as well as other brands and non-governmental
organizations.
Through our holistic ESG program, which has been in existence since 2010, we are committed to advancing
our sustainable business initiatives. As a result of our efforts, during fiscal year 2025, we have been recognized as
one of Barron’s 100 Most Sustainable Companies, by TIME as one of the Most Sustainable Companies, by Forbes
as one of America’s Best Companies, by Newsweek as one of America’s Most Responsible Companies and as one
of America’s Greenest Companies.
ESG Oversight. Our Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability & Governance Committee (Corporate
Governance Committee) is comprised of four independent members of our Board of Directors (Board) who oversee
our ESG strategy and have ultimate oversight over all sustainability initiatives, strategies, and programs, including
economic, social, and environmental risks. The Corporate Governance Committee and Board regularly receive
updates on the status of our ESG program. In addition, the Audit & Risk Management Committee (Audit Committee)
of the Board periodically assesses risk management, including climate-related risks and policies, to ensure a
consistent corporate strategy.