2025
Annual
Report
Dear Stockholders,
As I reflect on my first year as CEO, I am incredibly proud of the progress made by the outstanding
teams across the Deckers organization in fiscal year 2025. Our commitment to our long-term strategy,
guided by our consumer-first approach and unique products that blend technology and comfort, drove
record breaking results.
In fiscal year 2025, we delivered our highest-ever earnings per share, rising 30% above the prior year,
with revenue climbing 16% year-over-year to nearly $5 billion – our fifth consecutive year of double-digit
growth in both areas. Anchored by the continued strength of HOKA and UGG, our disciplined
marketplace management produced operating margin of 23.6%, a 200-basis-point improvement over
the prior year. We leveraged our strong balance sheet to repurchase $567 million in Deckers shares in
fiscal year 2025, and in May 2025 our Board of Directors approved an increase of $2.25 billion to our
share repurchase program authorization, furthering our ability to continue returning capital to
stockholders.
HOKA and UGG remain two of the most in-demand and consumer-loved brands in the footwear
industry, and both continued to capture market share as a result of our efforts to build brand
awareness, elevate our products, and create meaningful connections with consumers around the
world.
• HOKA continued to be our fastest growing brand in fiscal year 2025, with revenue increasing
24% versus the prior year to $2.2 billion. Consumers migrating toward active lifestyles
presents a tremendous opportunity for HOKA, expanding its total addressable market in the
US and internationally. We are seeing momentum from recent technology upgrades to our top
franchises, reflecting our relentless focus on delivering disruptive innovations that resonate
with consumers.
• UGG delivered an outstanding fiscal year 2025, growing revenue by 13% versus the prior year
to $2.5 billion. The UGG brand’s iconic designs and elevated presence across regions,
channels, and categories led to significant gains in consumer acquisitions and retention. We
are continuing to lean into our global opportunity to drive year-round wearability, grow the
adoption of men’s products, and extend the wins we are seeing with key styles.
We are entering fiscal year 2026 with a strong foundation, underpinned by the power of our industry-
leading brands, best-in-class operating model, and fortified balance sheet. Despite increased
macroeconomic uncertainty, our Board and leadership team remain confident in Deckers’ long-term
growth strategy, leaning on our agile marketplace operations, disciplined cost structure, and
persistent innovation that can help us outpace a constantly evolving consumer landscape.
Deckers’ success is made possible by our remarkable employees. Our team’s passion for our brands is
evident daily, and I am proud of their dedicated work to build our future. I would also like to
acknowledge Cindy Davis, our newly appointed Board Chair. Cindy has contributed tremendous value as
a director on our Board over the past seven years, and her leadership will support the Board’s
oversight of our continued growth and strategic execution. We thank Mike Devine for his more than
fourteen years of service to Deckers, including his incredible leadership as Chair for six years.
Deckers is in the early miles of a long-distance run. We are off to an excellent start, and we are well
equipped to continue on our path of growth and value creation. I am excited about the opportunities
ahead to deliver value for our consumers and stockholders over the long-term. Thank you for your
ongoing interest in Deckers.
Sincerely,
Stefano Caroti
Chief Executive Officer and President
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
☒ Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025
☐ Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
For the transition period from to
Commission File Number: 001-36436
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware 95-3015862
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
250 Coromar Drive, Goleta, California 93117
(Address of principal executive offices)
(805) 967-7611
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share DECK New York Stock Exchange
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of
the Act.