 and to be paid in less than one fiscal year. A significant portion of the purchase commitments can be
cancelled by the Company under certain circumstances; however, the occurrence of such circumstances is
generally limited. As a result, the amount does not necessarily reflect the dollar amount of the Company’s binding
commitments or minimum purchase obligations for products, and instead reflects an estimate of its future payment
commitments based on information currently available.
Commodities. The Company has entered into fixed purchasing contracts with affiliates, manufacturers,
factories, and other agents (designated suppliers) of sheepskin and sugarcane-derived ethylene-vinyl acetate
(EVA), requiring its designated suppliers to purchase commodities on or before a specified target date, generally
within one to two years (collectively, commodity contracts). The Company’s fixed pricing agreements are non-
cancellable and may be subject to fees, including certain sheepskin purchasing contracts requiring deposits when
minimum volumes are not fully consumed.
As of March 31, 2025, the Company’s aggregated estimated future payment obligations are $231,323 for
commitments under these commodity contracts, of which $7,412 is due in less than one fiscal year and the
remainder $223,911 is due in one to three fiscal years. As of March 31, 2025, the Company had no outstanding
deposits on supply agreements. As of March 31, 2024, the Company had $16,243 in outstanding deposits on supply
agreements, which were refunded and received by the Company during the year ended March 31, 2025.
F-31
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
Other. Other purchase commitments include contracts for information technology (IT) services, 3PL service
fees and other supply chain services, promotional expenses, and other commitments under service contracts. As of
March 31, 2025, the Company has an aggregate of $200,744 of other purchase commitments, of which $118,336 is
due in less than one fiscal year, $70,274 is due in one to three fiscal years, and the remainder of $12,134 is due in
three to five fiscal years.
Litigation. From time to time, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings, disputes, and other
claims arising in the ordinary course of business, including employment, intellectual property, and product liability
claims. Although the results of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company believes it is not
currently a party to any legal proceedings, disputes, or other claims for which a material loss is considered probable
and for which the amount (or range) of loss is reasonably estimable. However, regardless of the merit of the claims
raised or the outcome, these matters can have an adverse impact on the Company as a result of legal costs,
diversion of management’s time and resources, and other factors.
Indemnification. The Company has agreed to indemnify certain of its licensees, distributors, and promotional
partners in connection with claims related to the use of the Company’s intellectual property. The terms of such
agreements generally do not provide for a limitation on the maximum potential future payments. From time to time,
the Company also agrees to indemnify its licensees, distributors, and promotional partners in connection with claims
that the Company’s products infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties. These agreements may or
may not be made pursuant to a written contract. In addition, from time to time, the Company also agrees to standard
indemnification provisions in commercial agreements in the ordinary course of business. Management believes the
likelihood of any payments under any of these arrangements is remote and would be immaterial. This determination
is made based on a prior history of insignificant claims and related payments.
NOTE 8. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
Stock Incentive Plans. In September 2015, the Company’s stockholders approved the 2015 Stock Incentive
Plan (2015 SIP), which initially reserved 7,650,000 shares of the Company’s common stock for issuance to
employees, directors, consultants, independent contractors, and advisors. The 2015 SIP provided for the issuance
of a variety of stock-based compensation awards, including RSUs, performance-based restricted stock units
(PSUs), LTIP PSUs, stock appreciation rights, stock bonuses, incentive stock options (ISOs), and non-qualified
stock options (NQSOs).
In September 2024, the Company’s stockholders approved the 2024 Stock Incentive Plan (2024 SIP), which is
intended to replace the 2015 SIP. Like the 2015 SIP, the primary purpose of the 2024 SIP is to encourage ownership
in the Company by key personnel, whose long-term service is considered essential to the Company’s continued
success.