cussion and results of operations for our reportable operating segments and Note 12, “Reportable
Operating Segments,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for additional
information on unallocated enterprise and shared brand expenses.
We believe our properties are adequate for our current needs and that suitable additional or substitute space
will be available to accommodate the foreseeable expansion of our business and operations.
Significant Properties. The following table provides details regarding our significant physical properties that
are operational as of March 31, 2025:
Facility Size
Facility Location Description Lease or Own (Square Footage)
Moreno Valley, California Warehouse and Distribution Center Lease 1,530,944
Mooresville Indiana (1st location) Warehouse and Distribution Center Lease 507,600
Mooresville Indiana (2nd location) Warehouse and Distribution Center Lease 1,015,902
Goleta, California Corporate Headquarters Own 185,094
28
Table of Contents
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
As part of our global policing program to protect our intellectual property rights, from time to time, we file
lawsuits in various jurisdictions asserting claims for alleged acts of trademark counterfeiting, trademark
infringement, patent infringement, trade dress infringement, and trademark dilution. We generally have multiple
actions such as these pending at any given point in time. These actions may result in seizure of counterfeit
merchandise, out-of-court settlements with defendants, or other outcomes. In addition, from time to time, we are
subject to claims in which opposing parties will raise, either as affirmative defenses or as counterclaims, the
invalidity or unenforceability of certain of our intellectual property rights, including allegations that the UGG brand
trademark registrations and design patents are invalid or unenforceable. Furthermore, we are aware of many
instances throughout the world in which a third-party is using our UGG brand and HOKA brand trademarks within its
internet domain name. Finally, we are investigating several manufacturers and distributors of counterfeit UGG and
HOKA brand products, as well as various markets for indications of counterfeit products.
From time to time, we are involved in various legal proceedings, disputes, and other claims arising in the
ordinary course of business, including employment, intellectual property, and product liability claims. Although the
results of these ordinary course matters cannot be predicted with certainty, we currently believe that the final
outcome of these ordinary course matters will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. However, regardless of the merit of the claims
raised or the outcome, these ordinary course matters can have an adverse impact on us as a result of legal costs,
diversion of management’s time and resources, and other factors.
PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market Information. Our common stock has traded under the symbol DECK on the New York Stock Exchange
(NYSE) since May 2014 and was previously traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market.
Holders of Record. As of May 9, 2025, we had 28 stockholders of record based on the records of our transfer
agent, which does not include beneficial owners of our common stock whose shares are held in the names of
various securities brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies.
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. We did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under
the Securities Act during the year ended March 31, 2025.
STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH
Below is a graph comparing the percentage change in the cumulative total return on our common stock against
the cumulative total return of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index (S&P 500 Index) and the S&P 500 Apparel,
Accessories & Luxury Goods Index for the five fiscal-year periods commencing March 31, 2020, and ended
March 31, 2025. We use the S&P 500 Index as we believe it is the benchmark most relevant to measure our
performance. Total return assumes reinvestment of dividends, though we have not declared or paid any cash
dividends on our common stock since our inception. The data represented in the graph assumes one hundred
dollars invested in our common stock and in each of the referenced indices on March 31, 2020. The stock
performance shown on the below graph is not necessarily indicative of future performance. We will not make or
endorse any prediction as to future stock performance.