that forecasted income, together with future reversals of
existing taxable temporary differences, will be sufficient to recover our deferred tax assets. If we determine all, or
part of our net deferred tax assets are not realizable in the future, we will record an adjustment to the valuation
allowance and a corresponding charge to earnings in the period such determination is made.
We make estimates to determine income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and uncertain tax
positions. Our estimates, relative to income tax expense, consider current tax laws, our interpretation of current tax
laws and possible outcomes of current and future audits conducted by foreign and domestic tax authorities.
Changes in, or our interpretation of, tax laws and the resolution of current and future tax audits could significantly
affect the amounts provided for income tax expense in our results of operations.
Our estimates related to tax benefits from uncertain tax positions consider whether a tax position is more likely
than not to be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position and
the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Resolution of
these uncertainties may result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional tax charge in the period our
assessment changes.
We determine on a regular basis the amount of undistributed earnings that will be indefinitely reinvested in our
non-US operations. This assessment is based on the cash flow projections and operational and fiscal objectives of
each of our US and foreign subsidiaries. We have not changed our indefinite reinvestment assertion of foreign
earnings other than previously taxed earnings and profits.
Refer to Note 5, “Income Taxes,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report
for further information on our income taxes and tax strategy.
48
Table of Contents
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
In the normal course of business, our financial position and results of operations are subject to a variety of
risks, including risks associated with commodity pricing, foreign currency exchange rates and, to a lesser extent,
interest rates. There have been no material changes in our primary risk exposures or management of market risks
since the prior year. We regularly assess these risks and have established policies and business practices designed
to mitigate their effects. Refer to Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” within this Annual Report for further discussion of
risks to our business and results of operations.
COMMODITY PRICE RISK
We are exposed to commodity price fluctuations associated with the cost of raw materials used in our
manufacturing process, including sheepskin and sugarcane-derived EVA (collectively, commodities).
To manage price volatility and ensure availability for our commodities, we currently enter into fixed purchasing
contracts with designated suppliers of sheepskin and, at times, sugarcane-derived EVA. Our fixed pricing
agreements are non-cancellable and may be subject to fees, including certain sheepskin purchasing contracts
requiring deposits when minimum volumes are not fully consumed. In the event of significant price increases for our
commodities, we will likely not be able to adjust our selling prices sufficiently to eliminate the impact of such
increases on our profitability. We continue to evaluate our firm pricing agreement strategy for our commodities,
including other preferred materials.
Refer to the subsection titled “Contractual Obligations” under the section “Liquidity” within Part II, Item 7,
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and Note 7,
“Commitments and Contingencies,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for
further information on our minimum purchase obligations for commodities.
FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK
Although most of our sales and inventory purchases are denominated in US dollars, our global operations in
the international markets where our products are sold and manufactured expose us to risk of foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations between the US dollar and primarily the currencies of Europe, Asia, Canada, and Latin
America.
We are exposed to financial statement transaction gains and losses as a result of remeasuring our monetary
assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than our subsidiaries’ functional currencies. We
hedge certain foreign currency exchange rate risks from existing assets and liabilities, as well as forecasted sales.
As our international operations grow and we increase purchases and sales in foreign currencies, we will continue to
evaluate our hedging strategy and may utilize additional derivative instruments to hedge our foreign currency
exchange rate risk.