ir value of long-term incentive plan performance-
based stock units (LTIP PSUs) is estimated as of the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation.
Determining the fair value and related expense of stock-based compensation requires judgment, including
estimating the percentage of awards that will be forfeited and probabilities of meeting the awards’ performance
criteria, as well as the Company’s reliance on the closing price of its stock on the New York Stock Exchange at or
near the time of grant. If actual forfeitures differ significantly from the estimates or if probabilities change during a
period, stock-based compensation expense and the Company’s results of operations could be materially impacted.
Refer to Note 8, “Stock-Based Compensation,” for further information on grant activity, types of awards, and
additional disclosure related to stock-based compensation.
Retirement Plan. The Company provides a 401(k) defined contribution plan that eligible US employees may
elect to participate in through tax-deferred contributions or other deferrals. The Company matches 50% of each
eligible participant’s deferrals on up to 6% of eligible compensation. Internationally, the Company has various
defined contribution plans. Certain international locations require mandatory contributions under social programs,
and the Company contributes at least the statutory minimums. US 401(k) matching contributions totaled $6,528,
$5,129, and $4,433 during the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and were recorded in
SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. In addition, the Company may also
make discretionary profit-sharing contributions to the plan. However, there were no Company profit-sharing
contributions for the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023.
Non-qualified Deferred Compensation. The Company sponsors an unfunded, non-qualified deferred
compensation plan (NQDC Plan) that provides certain members of its management team the opportunity to defer
compensation into the NQDC Plan. The NQDC Plan year is from January 1st to December 31st. Participants may
defer up to 50% of their annual base salary and up to 85% of any cash incentive bonus under the NQDC Plan. The
Company has established a rabbi trust as a reserve for the benefits payable under the NQDC Plan. Deferred
compensation is recognized based on the fair value of the participants’ accounts. Refer to Note 4, “Fair Value
Measurements,” for further information on the fair value of deferred compensation assets and liabilities.
Self-Insurance. The Company is self-insured for a significant portion of its employee medical, including
pharmacy, and dental liability exposures. Liabilities for self-insured exposures are accrued for the amounts expected
to be paid based on historical claims experience and actuarial data for forecasted settlements of claims filed and for
incurred but not yet reported claims. Accruals for self-insured exposures are included in accrued payroll in the
consolidated balance sheets. Excess liability insurance has been purchased to limit the amount of self-insured risk
on claims.
Income Taxes. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to net operating loss carryforwards and
temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their
respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to
taxable income during the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The
effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recorded in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
income in the period that includes the enactment date.
The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions in the consolidated financial statements only if
those positions are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination. Recognized income tax positions are
measured at the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement. Changes
in recognition or measurement are recorded in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company
records interest and penalties accrued for income tax contingencies as interest expense in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income. Refer to Note 5, “Income Taxes,” for further information on tax impacts and
components of tax balances in the consolidated financial statements.
F-19
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
Comprehensive Income. Comprehensive income or loss is the total of net earnings and all other non-owner
changes in equity.