, and Other brands (collectively, our reportable operating segments).
Refer to Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations,” the section titled “Basis of Presentation,” in Note 1, “General,” and to Note 12, “Reportable Operating
Segments,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for additional information
regarding the recent change in our reportable operating segments and our results of operations.
PRODUCT DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT
Our design and development teams work closely with each brand’s product management teams to create
seasonal product lines designed to meet and exceed consumer expectations. Each brand follows a similar product
creation path starting with consumer insights, including engagement with key consumer segments, color, trend,
material research, and in-depth market analysis. Throughout the creation process there are multiple concept and
design reviews to develop prototypes which are assembled through our independent manufacturers. Depending on
the brand and product application, there may be multiple rounds of samples for fit, dynamic or athlete testing, and
on occasion, we may contract with external laboratories for additional research needs. Our diverse product offering
enables us to leverage learnings across each of our brands, enabling innovation and economies of scale.
Throughout the entire design and development process we evaluate the availability and costs of raw materials, the
capabilities and capacities of our independent manufacturers, and the target pricing of our products.
MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY CHAIN
The production of our finished goods is outsourced to independent manufacturers, which are primarily located
in Southeast Asia, predominately in Vietnam.
Production by our independent manufacturers is performed in accordance with our detailed product
specifications and rigorous quality control and operating compliance standards. We maintain a buying office in Hong
Kong, as well as on-site supervisory offices in Vietnam, China, and Indonesia, which collectively serve as a strong
link to our independent manufacturers. We believe our substantial regional presence enhances our manufacturing
processes by providing predictability of material availability and ensuring adherence to quality control standards and
final design specifications.
We generally purchase products from independent manufacturers on the basis of individual purchase orders,
rather than maintaining long-term purchase commitments, which provides us greater flexibility to adapt to changing
consumer preferences, changes in international trade relations, and evolving inventory management requirements.
From a sourcing perspective, less than 5% of our finished goods for footwear comes from China while the
remainder comes from Southeast Asia, predominately from Vietnam.
6
Table of Contents
The majority of the raw materials and components used in the production of our products by our independent
manufacturers are purchased from independent suppliers that we designate (designated suppliers), who work with
subcontractors that extract, process, or convert these raw materials.
Sheepskin used to manufacture a significant portion of our UGG brand products and is sourced primarily from
designated suppliers in Australia and processed by two tanneries in China. We enter into fixed purchasing contracts
with designated suppliers of sheepskin and, at times, sugarcane-derived ethylene-vinyl acetate (sugarcane-derived
EVA) to manage price volatility and ensure availability. Excluding sheepskin, UGGplush, and sugarcane-derived
EVA, we believe that substantially all raw materials and components used to manufacture our products are
generally available from multiple sources at competitive prices. We believe current supplies are sufficient to meet
our anticipated demand for the next 12 months.
Refer to the subsection titled “Contractual Obligations” under the section “Liquidity” within Part II, Item 7,
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Note 7,
“Commitments and Contingencies,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for
further information on our minimum purchase commitments.
We require our independent manufacturers and designated suppliers to adopt our Ethical Supply Chain
Supplier Code of Conduct (Supplier Code of Conduct), which requires them to comply with all local laws and
regulations governing human rights, working conditions, anti-corruption, restricted substances, and environmental
compliance, including animal welfare and conflict minerals, before we are willing to conduct business with them.
Refer to the section titled “Environmental, Social, and Governance” below for further information.