s accountable to deliver on this purpose, are as follows:
• Come as you are. Authentic employees create an authentic company.
• Better together. The power of independent spirit, united for a common goal.
• Commit to create. Curiosity fuels creativity, which in turn fuels innovation.
• Own it. We set high targets and hit them and take accountability when we don’t.
• Do good and do great. We act with integrity and humility and respect each other and our
communities to drive a sustainable business.
Our values define our Company and serve as the driving force behind how we work together and with our
customers, consumers, partners, suppliers, and communities. We also have detailed policies that support our
commitment to ethical behavior and legal compliance across our Company. Through our open-door policy and
culture, employees are encouraged to approach their managers if they believe violations of standards or policies
have occurred and are able to make confidential and anonymous reports using a 24/7 online or telephone hotline
hosted by an independent third-party provider.
At Deckers, we believe our culture makes us unique. We regularly conduct employee surveys to understand
our employees’ experiences on a variety of topics focused on employee engagement. Our latest survey completed
in February 2025 had a participation rate of 91.5%. Of those employees who completed the survey, 89% noted they
were proud to work for Deckers.
We believe an inclusive workplace that promotes belonging for everyone brings together those with a unique
set of experiences, opinions, and thoughts on critical issues. In turn, these varied perspectives enhance our
business and drive better outcomes. Our people are at the center of everything we do. Their perspectives and
passion for innovation enable us to build brands and create products that people around the world love. We strive to
create an environment where employees can come as they are and are free to bring their authentic selves to work
every day.
We publish workforce metrics in our annual Equal Employment Opportunity filing (EEO-1) which is publicly
available at deckers.com/responsibility/policies. The content of our website, including our annual EEO-1 filing, is not
incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC.
Charitable Giving and Volunteering. Our charitable contributions, product donations, and employee
volunteer efforts are an essential part of our culture. We annually contribute to our local communities through
monetary donations, volunteer efforts, and in-kind donations. During fiscal year 2025, we donated over $6,000 to
various non-profit organizations around the globe, primarily to organizations focused on uplifting youth, community,
belonging, education, and the environment. We also continued our Art of Kindness events, where employees
volunteer during a week-long event in our local communities multiple times during the fiscal year. Our employees
volunteered approximately 24,000 hours during fiscal year 2025. Our strategic giving and community-engagement
efforts continued to be aligned with our SDGs.
9
Table of Contents
Talent Development and Retention. The ability to attract, develop, and retain employees is critical to our
long-term success. We focus on our employees’ growth, creating experiences that align with our strategic priorities
and promote inclusion, performance, connection, and opportunities for development. For example, we offer a week
fully dedicated to employee learning, connection, and development across the globe (Explore Week), and three
global leadership development programs for leaders at varying levels (Trailblazers, Navigator, and Ascent). Our
leadership team also mentors rising talent on a formal and informal basis, which we believe accelerates the
development and engagement of our top performers, increases organizational learning, and improves employee
performance and retention. Further, our executive leadership team and Board commit substantial time to succession
planning, evaluating the bench strength of our leadership and supporting their career development while improving
organizational performance. We are proud to offer a wide range of programs intended to support global employee
development and retention.
We have demonstrated a history of investing in our workforce by offering competitive salaries and wages, and
annual increases based on merit, as well as annual cash bonus compensation, which is based on Company and
individual performance. We provide tuition reimbursement for eligible US employees up to $5 thousand per calendar
year. Further, to foster a stronger sense of ownership and align the interests of management with stockholders,
time-based restricted stock units and long-term incentive plan performance stock units are granted to a substantial
proportion of our leadership team under our stock-based compensation programs.