hanges in
discretionary spending, and recessionary concerns, on its business and operations. Although the full impact of these
factors is unknown, the Company believes it has made appropriate accounting estimates and assumptions based
on the facts and circumstances available as of the reporting date. However, actual results could differ materially
from these estimates and assumptions, which may result in material effects on the Company’s financial condition,
results of operations, and liquidity.
Significant areas requiring the use of management estimates and assumptions relate to variable consideration
for net sales provided to customers, including the sales return liability, and related sales return asset, as well as
trade accounts receivable allowances; inventory write-downs; contract assets and liabilities; stock-based
compensation; impairment assessments, including goodwill, other intangible assets, and long-lived assets;
depreciation and amortization; income tax receivables and liabilities; uncertain tax positions; the fair value of
financial instruments; the reasonably certain lease term; lease classification; and the Company’s incremental
borrowing rate (IBR) utilized to measure its operating lease assets and lease liabilities.
F-11
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
Foreign Currency Translation. The Company considers the United States (US) dollar as its functional currency.
The Company’s wholly owned foreign subsidiaries have various assets and liabilities, primarily cash, receivables,
and payables, which are denominated in currencies other than its functional currency. The Company remeasures
these monetary assets and liabilities using the exchange rate at the end of the reporting period, which results in
gains and losses that are recorded in selling, general, and administrative (SG&A) expenses in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income as incurred. In addition, the Company translates assets and liabilities of
subsidiaries with reporting currencies other than US dollars into US dollars using the exchange rates at the end of
the reporting period, which results in financial statement translation gains and losses recorded in other
comprehensive income or loss (OCI), net of tax, in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
Seasonality. A significant part of the UGG brand’s business has historically been seasonal, with the highest
percentage of net sales occurring in the third fiscal quarter, which has contributed to variation in results of
operations from quarter to quarter. However, the Company has mitigated the impacts of seasonality by diversifying
and expanding product offerings with additional year-round styles. In addition, as the HOKA brand’s net sales, which
generally occur more evenly throughout the fiscal year, continue to increase as a percentage of the Company’s
aggregate net sales, the Company expects to reduce the impacts of seasonality in future periods.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements. The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued Accounting
Standards Updates (ASUs) that have been adopted and not yet adopted by the Company as stated below.
Recently Adopted. The following is a summary of each ASU adopted by and its impact on the Company upon
adoption:
Standard Description Impact upon Adoption
ASU 2022-04 - The ASU requires that a buyer in a SFP disclose qualitative The Company prospectively adopted the annual rollforward
Supplier Finance and quantitative information about its program on an interim requirement of this ASU beginning with this Annual Report
Program (SFP) basis, including the nature of the SFP and key terms, and retrospectively adopted the interim requirements of this
outstanding amounts as of the end of the reporting period, ASU on April 1, 2023. This ASU did not have a material
and presentation in its financial statements. impact on the recognition, measurement, or presentation of
SFPs in the Company’s annual and interim consolidated
The interim portion of this ASU is effective on a financial statements. However, it did result in additional
retrospective basis for fiscal years beginning after disclosures.
December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. Early adoption is permitted. Refer to Note 14, “Supplier Finance Program,” for further
information on the Company’s SFPs, key terms, activity
The annual requirement that requires a buyer in a SFP rollforward, and outstanding balances recorded in the
disclose an activity roll forward of outstanding balances as consolidated balance sheets.
of the end of the reporting period is effective on a
retrospective basis for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2023. Early adoption is not permitted.