ivities. The Company’s five proprietary brands include
UGG® (UGG), HOKA® (HOKA), Teva® (Teva), AHNU® (AHNU), and Koolaburra by UGG® (Koolaburra).
The Company sells its products through quality domestic and international retailers, international distributors,
and directly to global consumers through its Direct-to-Consumer (DTC) channel, which is comprised of an
e-commerce and retail store presence. Independent third-party contractors manufacture all of the Company’s
products.
Recent Developments. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2025, the Company began taking steps to phase
out its standalone operations for the Koolaburra brand in order to maintain focus on the Company’s most significant
organic opportunities. The Company closed Koolaburra.com as of March 31, 2025, and plans to wind down the
Koolaburra brand in the wholesale channel by the end of calendar year 2025. As of March 31, 2025, the Company
has not incurred, and does not expect to incur, material exit costs or obligations associated with this plan.
During the second quarter of fiscal year 2025, the Company entered into an agreement pursuant to which the
buyer purchased the Sanuk brand and certain related assets, which was completed on August 15, 2024 (Sanuk
Brand Sale Date). The Company determined that the divestiture of the Sanuk brand did not represent a strategic
shift that had or will have a major effect on the consolidated results of operations, and therefore results of this
business were not classified as discontinued operations. The Company’s financial results for its reportable operating
segments present the former Sanuk brand within the Other brands reportable operating segment through the Sanuk
Brand Sale Date for the year ended March 31, 2025, and full financial results for the years ended March 31, 2024,
and 2023. Refer to Note 3, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets,” for further information on Sanuk brand assets.
Basis of Presentation. The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto (referred to
herein as consolidated financial statements) as of March 31, 2025, and 2024, and for the years ended March 31,
2025, 2024, and 2023 (referred to herein as “year ended” or “years ended,” or as “fiscal year 2025,” “fiscal year
2024,” and “fiscal year 2023,” respectively) are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States (US GAAP).
Reportable Operating Segments. As of March 31, 2025, the Company’s three reportable operating segments
include the worldwide operations of the UGG brand, HOKA brand, and Other brands (primarily consisting of the
Teva brand, AHNU brand, and Koolaburra brand) (collectively, the Company’s reportable operating segments). The
various brands within Other brands are aggregated within one reportable operating segment as each brand shares
similar economic and qualitative characteristics. Refer to Note 12, “Reportable Operating Segments,” for further
information on the Company’s reportable operating segments.
During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, the financial information regularly used by the chief operating
decision maker (CODM), who is the Principal Executive Officer, to evaluate performance, make operating decisions,
and allocate resources was revised. In connection with executive leadership alignment, and the recent divestiture
and phase out of certain brands, the CODM shifted resource allocation decisions and performance assessment to a
brand focus, rather than a distribution channel focus. This resulted in a change in the Company’s reportable
operating segments. The change in reportable operating segments had an impact on segment income from
operations, a measure of segment profitability, and the Company clarified unallocated overhead costs excluded
from this measure as unallocated enterprise and shared brand expenses. Refer to Note 12, “Reportable Operating
Segments,” for further information on the Company’s unallocated enterprise and shared brand expenses.
F-10
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
Previously, the Company’s six reportable operating segments included the worldwide wholesale operations of
the UGG brand, HOKA brand, Teva brand, Sanuk brand, and Other brands (primarily the AHNU brand and the
Koolaburra brand), and DTC. Reportable operating segment results for all prior periods presented in this Annual
Report have been recast to reflect the change in reportable operating segments.
Forward Stock Split and Authorized Share Increase.