25,599 $ 302,122
Depreciation was $67,579, $54,958, and $45,117 during the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023,
respectively.
Operating Lease Assets and Lease Liabilities. The Company determines if an arrangement contains a lease at
inception of a contract. The Company recognizes operating lease assets and lease liabilities in the consolidated
balance sheets on the lease commencement date, based on the present value of the outstanding lease payments
over the reasonably certain lease term. The lease term includes the non-cancelable period at the lease
commencement date, plus any additional period covered by the Company’s option to extend (or not to terminate)
the lease that is reasonably certain to be exercised, or an option to extend (or not to terminate) a lease that is
controlled by the lessor.
Operating lease assets are initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the associated
lease liabilities, adjusted for lease payments made at or before the lease commencement date, plus any initial direct
costs incurred, less any lease incentives, such as tenant allowances. Operating lease assets are subsequently
F-14
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
measured throughout the lease term at the carrying amount of the associated lease liabilities, plus initial direct
costs, plus or minus any prepaid or accrued lease payments, less the unamortized balance of lease incentives
received. Operating lease assets and lease liabilities are presented separately in the consolidated balance sheets
on a discounted basis. The current portion of operating lease liabilities is presented within current liabilities, while
the long-term portion is presented separately as long-term operating lease liabilities. Refer to Note 7, “Commitments
and Contingencies,” for further information on the discount rate methodology used to measure operating lease
assets and lease liabilities.
Rent expense for operating lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and
recorded in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Lease payments recorded in
the operating lease liabilities (1) are fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments and fixed rate
increases, owed over the lease term and (2) exclude any lease prepayments as of the periods presented. Refer to
Note 7, “Commitments and Contingencies,” for further information on the nature of variable lease payments and the
timing of recognition of rent expense.
The Company has elected not to recognize operating lease assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases,
which are defined as those operating leases with a term of 12 months or less. Instead, lease payments for short-
term leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term in rent expense and recorded as a
component of SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
The Company monitors for events that require a change in estimates for its operating lease assets and lease
liabilities, such as modifications to the terms of the contract, including the lease term, economic events that may
trigger a contractual term contingency, such as minimum lease payments or termination rights, and related changes
in discount rates used to measure the operating lease assets and lease liabilities, as well as events or
circumstances that result in lease abandonment or operating lease asset impairments. When a change in estimates
results in the remeasurement of the operating lease liabilities, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying
amount of the operating lease assets. The operating lease assets are remeasured and amortized on a straight-line
basis over the remaining lease term, with no impact on the related operating lease liabilities. Refer to the section
titled “Recoverability of Definite-Lived Intangible and Other Long-Lived Assets” below, within this footnote, for further
information on the Company’s accounting policy for evaluating the carrying amount of its operating lease assets and
related leasehold improvements for indicators of impairment.
Asset Retirement Obligations (AROs). The Company is contractually obligated under certain of its lease
agreements to restore certain retail, office, and warehouse facilities back to their original conditions. At lease
inception, the present value of the estimated fair value of these liabilities is recorded along with the related asset.
The liability is estimated based on assumptions requiring management’s judgment, including facility closing costs
and discount rates, and is accreted to its projected future value over the life of the asset.