r preferences,
and if we do not accurately anticipate and promptly respond to consumer demand and spending patterns,
including by successfully introducing new products, we could lose sales, our relationships with customers
could be harmed, and our brand loyalty could be diminished.
The footwear, apparel, and accessories industry is subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences and
fashion tastes, which make it difficult to anticipate demand for our products and forecast our financial results. Our
success is driven to some extent by brand loyalty, and there can be no assurance consumers will continue to prefer
our brands. Consumer demand for our products depends in part on the continued strength of our brands, which in
turn depends on our ability to anticipate, understand, and promptly respond to the rapidly changing preferences and
fashion tastes, as well as consumer spending patterns, with appealing merchandise. As our brands and product
offerings evolve, it is necessary for our products to appeal to an even broader range of consumers whose
preferences cannot be predicted with certainty. New footwear models that we introduce may not be successful with
consumers or our brands may fall out of favor with consumers. If we are unable to anticipate, identify, or react
appropriately to changes in consumer preferences, our revenues may decrease, our brands’ image may suffer, our
operating performance may decline, and we may not be able to execute our growth plans. Even if we develop and
manufacture new footwear products and collaborations that consumers find appealing, their ultimate success may
depend on our pricing, and we may set the prices of new styles too high for the market to bear.
Further, the value of our brands is based on evolving consumer perceptions, including as a result of shifting
ethical, political or social standards, and concerns with respect to product pricing, quality, design, technical
performance, components or materials (including their sustainability), or customer service could result in negative
perceptions and the loss of brand loyalty and value. These concerns may be exacerbated by negative publicity
regarding us or our products, brands, marketing campaigns, partners, or endorsers, which could adversely affect
our reputation and sales regardless of the accuracy of such claims. Social media and digital marketing campaigns,
which accelerate the dissemination of information, can increase the challenges of containing negative claims. If
consumers perceive our brands negatively, whether or not warranted, our brand image would become tarnished and
our products would become less desirable, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Failure to gain market acceptance for new products could impede our ability to maintain or grow current
revenue levels, reduce profits, adversely affect the image of our brands, erode our competitive position, and result
in long-term harm to our business and financial results.
Changes to economic conditions may adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations.
Volatile economic conditions and changes in the market have affected, and may continue to affect, consumer
spending generally and the buying habits and preferences of consumers. A significant portion of the products we
sell, especially those sold under the UGG and HOKA brands, are premium retail products. The purchase of these
12
Table of Contents
products is discretionary and is therefore highly dependent upon the level of consumer confidence and discretionary
spending. Sales of these products may be adversely affected by variable economic factors, including worsening
economic conditions, consumer confidence in future economic conditions, including recessionary concerns,
changes to fuel, energy, labor, and healthcare costs, declines in income or asset values, and increases in consumer
debt levels, inflation and interest rates, tariffs, and unemployment rates. Uncertainty in global economic conditions
may result in unpredictable consumer discretionary spending trends. During an actual or perceived economic
downturn, fewer consumers may shop for our products, and those who do may limit the amount of their purchases
or seek less costly substitutes for our products. As a result, we could be required to reduce the price we can charge
for our products or increase our marketing and promotional expenses to generate additional demand for our
products. In either case, these changes could reduce our sales and profitability, which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
We sell a significant portion of our products through higher-end specialty and department store retailers, as
well as through online marketplaces.