l locations. For example, we are currently in the process of transitioning one of our international 3PLs to
a new partner with an upgraded warehouse management system beginning in October 2025. We depend on 3PLs
to manage the operation of their warehouses and DCs to meet our business needs, performance standards, and
expectations, including with respect to data security, compliance with data protection and privacy laws, and
provision of quality services on a timely basis at the prices we expect. While we believe we conduct appropriate
diligence before entering into service agreements with 3PLs, if our 3PLs fail to manage these responsibilities, or if
their operations are disrupted as a result of factors outside of their control, such as sanctions that could in the future
be imposed on other countries by the US government, our distribution operations could face significant disruption.
The loss of or disruption to the operations of any one or more of these facilities could materially adversely affect our
sales, business performance, and results of operations. Although we believe we possess adequate insurance to
cover the potential effect of a disruption to the operations of these facilities, such insurance may not be sufficient to
cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all.
14
Table of Contents
We rely upon independent manufacturers for most of our production needs, and the failure of these
manufacturers to manage these responsibilities would prevent us from filling customer orders, which
would result in loss of sales and harm our relationships with customers.
We rely upon independent manufacturers and their respective material suppliers for most of our production
needs, the majority of which are located in Southeast Asia, predominately in Vietnam, and we do not have direct
control over these manufacturers or their suppliers. We expect our independent manufacturers to finance the
production of goods ordered, maintain manufacturing capacity, comply with our policies, and store finished goods in
a safe location pending shipment. Further, because most of our independent manufacturers are in Southeast Asia,
we are subject to risks associated with natural disasters, epidemics, geopolitical tensions, or other events outside of
our control affecting the region. If any of these were to occur, we may not be able to timely source raw and other
materials, manufacture products, or fill customer orders, or products delivered may not meet our quality standards,
which would result in lost sales and harm to our relationships with customers.
There can be no assurance of a long-term, uninterrupted supply of products from our independent
manufacturers. While we have long-standing relationships with most of these manufacturers, they could terminate
our engagement, seek to increase their prices, or extract other concessions from us, and we may not be able to
timely engage a suitable alternative. If we are required to find alternative manufacturers, we could experience
manufacturing delays, increased manufacturing costs, and substantial disruption to our business, any of which
could negatively affect our results of operations.
Interruptions in the supply of our products can also result from adverse events that impair our manufacturers’
operations. For example, we keep proprietary materials necessary to produce our products, such as shoe molds
and other materials, in the custody of our independent manufacturers. If these independent manufacturers were to
lose or damage these proprietary materials, we cannot be assured that the manufacturers would have adequate
insurance to cover such loss or damage, and, in any event, the replacement of such materials would likely result in
significant delays in the production of our products, which could result in a loss of sales and earnings.
Our financial success is influenced by the success of our customers, and the loss of a key customer
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Much of our financial success is related to the ability of our customers, which include our retailer and distributor
partners, to successfully market and sell our brands to consumers. If a customer fails to satisfy contractual
obligations or meet our expectations, or experiences operational issues, it may be difficult to locate an acceptable
alternative. Any disruption to these relationships may result in increased costs or loss of customers. In addition,
there is no guarantee a new customer will generate results that are more favorable than the terminated party.
We face a risk that key customers may not increase their business with us as we expect or may significantly
decrease their business with us or terminate our relationship. Although no single customer accounted for 10.0% or
more of our total net sales during fiscal year 2025, our top ten customers made up 23.7% of total net sales.