cur significant expenses relating to the design,
manufacturing, and marketing of our products in advance of the realization of revenue from sales, and results in
significant liquidity requirements and working capital fluctuations throughout our fiscal year. Because this cycle
involves long lead times, which require us to make manufacturing decisions months in advance of an anticipated
purchasing decision by the consumer, it is challenging to manage our inventory and working capital requirements.
Further, supply chain disruptions may drive higher inventory procurement positions that could negatively affect our
13
Table of Contents
gross profit as a percentage of net sales (gross margin) as a result of selling excess quantities though close out
channels. Further, once manufacturing decisions are made, it is difficult to predict and timely adjust expenses,
accurately forecast our financial results, and meet the expectations of analysts and investors, including as a result
of:
• the effects of unfavorable or unexpected weather patterns on consumer spending and demand for
our products, as the sales of a majority of our UGG brand products are inherently seasonal and the
effects of climate change may pronounce these conditions;
• changes in consumer preferences, tastes, discretionary spending, and prevailing fashion trends;
• market acceptance of our current products and new products, and of competitive products;
• the competitive environment, including pricing pressure from reduced pricing of competitive
products, which may cause consumers to shift their purchasing decisions away from our products;
• delays in resource or product availability from supply chain disruptions; and
• uncertain macroeconomic and political conditions.
The evolution and expansion of our brands and product offerings have made our inventory management
activities more challenging. For example, if we overestimate demand for any products or styles, we may be forced
to incur significant markdowns or sell excess inventories at reduced prices, which would result in lower revenues
and reduced gross margin, and we may not be able to recover our investment in the development of new styles and
product lines. On the other hand, if we underestimate demand, or if our independent manufacturing facilities are
unable to supply products in sufficient quantities, we may experience inventory shortages that may prevent us from
fulfilling customer orders or result in us delaying shipments to customers. If that occurred, we could lose sales, our
relationships with customers could be harmed, and our brand loyalty could be diminished. In either event, these
factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
We rely upon a number of warehouse and distribution facilities to operate our business, and any
damage to one of these facilities, or any disruptions caused by incorporating new facilities into our
operations, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
We rely upon a broad network of warehouses and distribution facilities to store, sort, package and distribute
our products. In the US, we distribute products primarily through self-managed warehouses and DCs in Moreno
Valley, California, and in Mooresville, Indiana, which feature a complex warehouse management system that
enables us to efficiently pack products for direct shipment to our customers and consumers. We expect our recent
domestic warehouse and DC expansion to create long-term capacity for the domestic growth of the UGG and HOKA
brands. We could face a significant disruption in our domestic warehouse and DC operations if our warehouse
management system does not perform as anticipated or ceases to function for an extended period of time, which
could occur due to damage to the facility, failure of software or equipment, cyber-security incidents, power outages
or similar problems. In addition, if our domestic warehouse and DC operations and scaling efforts are impeded or
delayed for any reason, it could result in shipment delays or the inability to deliver product at all, which would result
in lost sales, strain our relationships with customers and consumers, and cause harm to our reputation, any of which
could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Internationally, we distribute our products through warehouses and DCs managed by 3PLs in certain
international locations. For example, we are currently in the process of transitioning one of our international 3PLs to
a new partner with an upgraded warehouse management system beginning in October 2025. We depend on 3PLs
to manage the operation of their warehouses and DCs to meet our business needs, performance standards, and
expectations, including with respect to data security, compliance with data protection and privacy laws, and
provision of quality services on a timely basis at the prices we expect.