onsolidated Balance Sheets F-5
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income F-6
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity F-7
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-8
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-10
Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule:
Schedule II - Total Valuation and Qualifying Accounts F-42
All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the
consolidated financial statements or accompanying notes thereto.
F-1
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
Deckers Outdoor Corporation:
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Deckers Outdoor Corporation and subsidiaries (the
Company) as of March 31, 2025, and 2024, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders’
equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2025, and the related notes and
financial statement schedule (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2025, and 2024,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2025, in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2025, based on criteria
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission, and our report dated May 23, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm
registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit and risk management committee and
that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in
any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the
critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to
which it relates.
Wholesale sales return liability
As discussed in Note 1 and Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recorded a sales
return liability as of March 31, 2025, of $63,462, of which $47,216 is related to the wholesale channel. The
Company records an allowance for anticipated future returns of goods shipped prior to the end of the reporting
period. Amounts of these reserves are based on known and actual returns, historical returns, and any recent
events that could result in a change from historical return rates.
We identified the evaluation of the wholesale sales return liability as a critical audit matter. There was a high
degree of auditor judgment required to evaluate recent events that could result in a change from historical return
rates used to estimate the wholesale sales return liability.