urces.
33
Table of Contents
Change in Reportable Operating Segments. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, the financial
information regularly used by the CODM to evaluate performance, make operating decisions, and allocate
resources was revised. In connection with executive leadership alignment, and the recent divestiture and phase out
of certain brands, the CODM shifted resource allocation decisions and performance assessment to a brand focus,
rather than a distribution channel focus. This resulted in a change in our reportable operating segments. The
change in reportable operating segments had an impact on segment income from operations, a measure of
segment profitability, and we clarified unallocated overhead costs excluded from this measure as unallocated
enterprise and shared brand expenses. Unallocated enterprise and shared brand expenses are costs that are
managed centrally and not specific to any one brand. These costs are primarily comprised of certain payroll and
related expenses, including stock-based compensation; global IT expenses; 3PL service fees; depreciation, rent,
and occupancy for owned warehouses and offices; and other SG&A expenses, such as costs for contract services,
materials, supplies, and travel. These costs span multiple functions including owned warehouses and 3PL service
fees, along with enterprise costs which include centralized commercial operations, IT, finance, human resources,
legal, supply chain, and corporate executives.
Previously, our six reportable operating segments included the worldwide wholesale operations of the UGG
brand, HOKA brand, Teva brand, Sanuk brand, and Other brands (primarily the AHNU brand and Koolaburra brand),
and DTC. Reportable operating segment results for all prior periods presented in this Annual Report have been
recast to reflect the change in reportable operating segments.
As discussed under the section titled “Recent Developments” above, the sale of the Sanuk brand was
completed during fiscal year 2025. The financial results for our reportable operating segments present the former
Sanuk brand within the Other brands reportable operating segment through the Sanuk Brand Sale Date for the year
ended March 31, 2025, and full financial results for the years ended March 31, 2024, and 2023.
Refer to Note 12, “Reportable Operating Segments,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within
this Annual Report for further information on reportable operating segments.
UGG Brand. The UGG brand is one of the most iconic and recognized footwear brands in our industry, which
highlights our successful track record of building niche brands into lifestyle and fashion market leaders. With loyal
consumers around the world, the UGG brand has proven to be a highly resilient consumer-focused line of premium
footwear, apparel, and accessories with year-round product offerings that appeal to a growing global audience and
a broad demographic.
We believe demand for UGG brand products will continue to be driven by the following:
• Successful acquisition of a diverse global consumer base, and in particular focusing on key
markets, through strategic marketing activations and collaborations that resonate with a fashionable
consumer.
• High consumer brand loyalty due to elevated brand experiences and consistent delivery of crafted;
purposefully built and luxuriously comfortable footwear, apparel, and accessories.
• Diversification of our footwear product offerings, such as our spring and summer lines, as well as
expanded category offerings for Men’s products such as the slip-on shoe and sneaker category,
and more iconic fashion product for our Classics line, including reimagining existing iconic styles
into new categories.
• Thoughtful expansion of our apparel and accessories businesses.
HOKA Brand. The HOKA brand is an authentic premium line of year-round performance footwear, which offers
enhanced cushioning and inherent stability with minimal weight. Originally designed for ultra-runners, the brand now
appeals to world champions, taste makers, and everyday athletes. Expanded marketing and strategic marketplace
presence have fueled both domestic and international sales growth of the HOKA brand, which has quickly become a
leading brand within run and outdoor specialty wholesale accounts and is growing across its global marketplace.
The HOKA brand’s product line includes running, trail, hiking, fitness, and lifestyle footwear offerings, as well as
select apparel and accessories.
34
Table of Contents
We believe demand for HOKA brand products will continue to be driven by the following:
• Leading performance product innovation, category extensions, and key franchise management,
including higher frequency product drop rates and improving accessibility to all athletes.