e privacy or security requirements of
applicable data protection laws, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, which could increase our liabilities,
harm our reputation, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. Although we utilize a variety of measures to secure the data that we control, even compliant entities can
experience security breaches or have inadvertent failures despite employing reasonable practices and safeguards.
If the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop or interact with us online
do not function effectively, our results of operations, as well as our ability to grow our e-commerce
websites globally or to retain our customer base, could be materially adversely affected.
Many of our consumers shop with us through our Company-owned e-commerce websites or through third-
party digital marketplaces. Consumer expectations and competitive pressures, including speed of product delivery,
shipping charges, return privileges, and other evolving expectations, have increased and are expected to continue
to increase. Consumers are increasingly using mobile platforms to shop with us and with our competitors, to do
comparison shopping, and to engage with us and our competitors. We are increasingly using social media to
interact with our consumers and as a means to enhance their shopping experience. Any failure on our part to
provide effective, reliable, secure, user-friendly e-commerce websites that offer a wide assortment of merchandise
with rapid delivery options and that continually meet the changing expectations of consumers could place us at a
competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of e-commerce and other sales, harm our reputation, have an adverse
23
Table of Contents
effect on the growth of our e-commerce websites and have an adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. In addition, as use of our digital platforms grows, we will need an increasing amount of technical
infrastructure. If we fail to effectively scale and adapt our digital platforms to accommodate increased consumer
demand, our business may be subject to interruptions, delays or failures and consumer demand for our products
and digital experiences could decline. Risks specific to our Company-owned e-commerce websites also include
diversion of sales from our Company-owned retail stores and our retailers’ brick and mortar stores, difficulty in
recreating the in-store experience through direct channels and liability for online content. Our failure to successfully
respond to these risks could adversely affect e-commerce sales, as well as damage our reputation and brands.
If we are unsuccessful at improving our operational and IT systems and our efforts do not result in the
anticipated benefits to us or result in unanticipated disruption to our business, our financial condition and
results of operations could be adversely affected, and our business may become less competitive.
We continually strive to improve and automate our operational and IT systems and processes as part of our
ongoing effort to improve the overall efficiency and competitiveness of our business. Transitioning to these new or
upgraded processes and systems requires significant capital investments and personnel resources. Implementation
is also highly dependent on the coordination of numerous employees, contractors and software and system
providers. While these efforts have resulted in improvements to our operational systems, we expect to continue to
incur expenses to implement additional improvements and upgrades to our systems. Many of these expenditures
have been and may continue to be incurred in advance of the realization of any direct benefits to our business. We
cannot guarantee that we will be successful at improving our operational systems, adapting to changes in
technology, including the successful utilization of data analytics, AI, and machine learning, or that our efforts will
result in the anticipated benefits to us. In addition, the integration of emerging technologies, including data analytics,
AI, and machine learning, into our systems and processes may require us to address rapidly developing laws and
regulations governing AI. We may also experience difficulties in implementing or operating our new or upgraded
operational or IT systems, including, but not limited to, ineffective or inefficient operations, significant system
failures, system outages, delayed implementation and loss of system availability, which could lead to increased
implementation and/or operational costs, loss or corruption of data, delayed shipments, excess inventory and
interruptions of operations resulting in lost sales and/or profits. If our operational or IT system upgrades,
improvements and associated implementation efforts are not successful, our financial condition and results of
operations could be adversely affected, and our business may become less competitive.