s. Early adoption is permitted. Refer to Note 14, “Supplier Finance Program,” for further
information on the Company’s SFPs, key terms, activity
The annual requirement that requires a buyer in a SFP rollforward, and outstanding balances recorded in the
disclose an activity roll forward of outstanding balances as consolidated balance sheets.
of the end of the reporting period is effective on a
retrospective basis for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2023. Early adoption is not permitted.
ASU 2023-07 - The ASU requires annual and interim disclosures of The Company retrospectively adopted this ASU beginning
Improvements to significant segment expenses, including an amount and with this Annual Report. This ASU did not have a material
Reportable composition description for other segment items, and how impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements
Segment reported measures of profit or loss are used by the CODM other than additional disclosures under Note 12,
Disclosures in assessing segment performance and deciding how to “Reportable Operating Segments.”
allocate resources.
The ASU is effective on a retrospective basis for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim
periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2024. Early adoption is permitted.
F-12
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
Not Yet Adopted. The following is a summary of each ASU that has been issued and is applicable to the
Company, but which has not yet been adopted, as well as the planned period of adoption, and the expected impact
on the Company upon adoption:
Planned Period
Standard Description of Adoption Expected Impact on Adoption
ASU 2023-09 - The ASU requires annual disclosures of Q4 FY 2026 The Company is currently evaluating the impact
Improvements to prescribed standard categories for the of the adoption of this ASU on its disclosures in
Income Tax components of the effective tax rate its annual and interim consolidated financial
Disclosures reconciliation, disclosure of income taxes paid statements.
disaggregated by jurisdiction, and other income-
tax related disclosures. The ASU is effective on a
prospective basis, with retrospective application
permitted, for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted.
ASU 2024-03 - The ASU requires disaggregated disclosure of Q4 FY 2028 The Company is currently evaluating the impact
Disaggregation of relevant statement of comprehensive income and of the adoption of this ASU on its disclosures in
Income expense captions including tabular presentation Q1 FY 2029 its annual and interim consolidated financial
Statement of prescribed expense categories such as statements.
Expenses (as purchases of inventory, employee compensation,
amended by ASU depreciation, intangible asset amortization, and
2025-01) other specific expense, gains, and losses
required by existing US GAAP. The ASU is
effective on a prospective basis, with
retrospective application permitted, for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2026, and
interim periods within fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The following is a summary of the Company’s significant
accounting policies applied to its consolidated financial statements:
Cash and Cash Equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, demand deposits, and all
highly liquid investments, such as money-market funds, with an original maturity of three months or less. The
carrying value of money-market funds approximates the fair value as it is considered a highly liquid investment
when purchased. Money-market funds are recorded in cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance
sheets. Refer to Note 4, “Fair Value Measurements,” for further information on the fair value of money-market funds.
Refer to Note 13, “Concentration of Business,” for further information on credit risks with respect to the cash and
cash equivalents balance.
Allowances for Doubtful Accounts. The Company provides an allowance against trade accounts receivable for
estimated losses that may result from customers’ inability to pay. The Company determines the amount of the
allowance by analyzing known uncollectible accounts, aged trade accounts receivable, economic conditions and
forecasts, historical experience, and the customers’ creditworthiness. Trade accounts receivable that are
subsequently determined to be uncollectible are charged or written off against this allowance. The allowance
includes specific allowances for trade accounts, for which all or a portion are identified as potentially uncollectible
based on known or anticipated losses.