es. Accordingly, the price of
our common stock is volatile and any investment in our stock is subject to risk of loss. These broad market and
industry factors and other general macroeconomic conditions unrelated to our financial performance may also affect
our common stock price.
Anti-takeover provisions contained in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(Certificate) and Amended and Restated Bylaws (Bylaws), as well as provisions of Delaware law, could
impair a takeover attempt.
Our Certificate and Bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult hostile
takeovers, change-in-control transactions, or changes in our Board or management. As a Delaware corporation, we
are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law,
which may delay, deter, or prevent a change-in-control transaction. Any provision of Delaware law, our Certificate, or
our Bylaws, which has the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, deterring, or preventing a change-in-control
transaction could limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock,
and could affect the price that investors are willing to pay for our common stock.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED COMMENT LETTERS
UNRESOLVED COMMENT LETTERS
None.
26
Table of Contents
ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY
CYBERSECURITY RISK MANAGEMENT AND STRATEGY
We maintain a comprehensive cybersecurity program, recognizing the critical importance of safeguarding our
operations, employees, customers, and other business partners from the constantly evolving risks associated with
cybersecurity threats. These risks include, among other things, operational risks, reputational risks, financial risks,
and litigation and legal risks.
As a part of our comprehensive cybersecurity program, we have developed an incident response plan (IRP)
designed to quickly respond to, mitigate, and recover from cybersecurity incidents. The IRP includes procedures for
incident detection and reporting, initial assessment, containment, eradication, recovery, post-incident activities, and
continuous improvement.
We also integrated cybersecurity risk management into our overall risk management framework to ensure that
cybersecurity risks are considered in all aspects of our business. The integration ensures that cybersecurity
considerations are integral to our strategic and operational decision-making. Our management team works closely
with our Chief Digital & Data Officer (CDDO) and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), ensuring that our
cybersecurity efforts align with our business objectives and operational needs. Key components of our cybersecurity
approach include, among other things:
• establishing a dedicated action team, led by our CDDO and CISO, to oversee and manage
cybersecurity risks;
• implementing a comprehensive cybersecurity risk assessment process and strategy based on
industry standards and established frameworks such as the National Institute of Standards and
Technology (NIST) Special Publication 800-61;
• implementing a vendor risk management program, which includes cybersecurity and data privacy
audits, evaluating vendor risk level, and monitoring risk mitigation efforts;
• conducting penetration tests and security maturity assessments throughout the year;
• periodically engaging independent third-party assessors to audit our cybersecurity and information
system programs to evaluate their effectiveness;
• implementing industry-standard technologies and processes to protect our system and data and to
help detect potential suspicious activity;
• maintaining access controls to safeguard data and systems;
• providing annual trainings to employees on responsible information security, data security and
cybersecurity practices including appropriate action to take against cybersecurity threats;
• conducting periodic phishing simulations to our employees;
• engaging in cybersecurity incident tabletop exercises and scenario planning exercises;
• maintaining a cybersecurity and information security risk insurance policy, which insures for data
incidents or breaches and other technology related exposures; and
• periodically reviewing and updating our IRP, privacy policy, and other relevant policies/procedures.
These approaches are not exhaustive, and we plan to continuously improve our approaches to cybersecurity
risk management.
In the three-year period ended March 31, 2025, our business strategy, results of operations and financial
condition have not been materially affected by risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior
cybersecurity incidents experienced by either us or third parties, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not
be materially affected in the future by such risks or any future material incidents.