ur gross margins, and reduce our competitiveness in the US and other markets. Customs authorities may
also disagree with our claimed tariff treatment for certain products, resulting in unexpected costs that may
negatively impact our gross margin. We cannot predict the outcome of ongoing or future trade negotiations, and any
escalation of trade tensions could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of
operations, and those of our wholesale channel customers.
In addition to trade-related risks, our international operations and independent manufacturers are subject to a
range of regulatory, operational, and reputational risks. While we require our independent manufacturers and
suppliers to adhere to environmental, labor, ethical, health, safety, and other business standards and conduct
periodic audits of their operations, we do not directly control their practices. Noncompliance with applicable laws or
standards could lead to product recalls, regulatory penalties, the seizure or forfeiture of our products, or reputational
harm. If any of our suppliers are unable or unwilling to comply with our standards, we may be forced to terminate
those relationships, which could increase our costs and disrupt our supply chain. Further, if our independent
manufacturers or suppliers violate US or foreign trade laws or regulations, we may be subject to extra duties,
significant monetary penalties, the seizure, and forfeiture of products we are attempting to import, or the loss of our
import privileges, which could have a negative effect on our results of operations.
Our international operations and independent manufacturers are also subject to other risks and uncertainties,
including:
• poor infrastructure and equipment shortages, which can disrupt transportation and utilities;
• restrictions on the transfer of funds from foreign jurisdictions or volatile foreign exchange rates;
• customary business traditions in certain countries such as local holidays, which are traditionally
accompanied by elevated levels of turnover in the factories;
• decreased scrutiny by custom officials for counterfeit products;
• social instability and corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft, and other fraudulent activity;
• use of unauthorized or prohibited materials or reclassification of materials;
• health-related disruptions, such as disease outbreaks or raw material shortages, which could
impact our workforce or scarcity of raw and other materials; and
• adverse changes in consumer perception of goods sourced from certain countries.
Transportation and distribution costs may also be adversely affected by fluctuating demand, fuel cost volatility,
labor disputes, inflation, and political, social, and economic instability. For example, we continue to experience port
congestion, increased lead times, and rising freight and energy costs. Continued global geopolitical uncertainty,
rising labor tensions, or climate-related disruptions further add to the complexity of global supply chain planning and
resilience, and could increase distribution costs, create further capacity constraints in Europe and adversely affect
our results of operations. Additionally, the increased threat of terrorist activity and heightened customs inspections
have created delays in bringing imported goods to market and increased our logistics expenses.
While we pursue mitigation strategies, including selective, staggered, and strategic price increases on our
products in the US and by negotiating cost-sharing arrangements with our independent manufacturers, we may be
unable to offset all resulting increases to our cost of goods sold, which could have a material adverse effect on our
20
Table of Contents
business, operations, and financial condition. Further, these risks may have a material adverse impact on demand
for our products.
Supply chain disruptions could interrupt product manufacturing and global logistics and increase
product and transportation costs.
Our business depends on our ability to source and distribute products in a timely manner. We continue to
proactively mitigate any effects of future disruptions by expanding and reallocating production capacity with our
existing sourcing partners and onboarding new long-term partners to diversify our country-level manufacturing and
sourcing lines. We plan to continue growing our distribution network to support our long-term strategic objectives but
have experienced and may continue to experience headwinds in connection with these efforts. Failure to adequately
produce and timely ship our products to customers could lead to lost potential revenue, failure to meet consumer
demand, strained relationships with customers and diminished brand loyalty.