rted within the
time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and
procedures, our management recognized that any system of controls and procedures, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours is
designed to do, and management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls is based in part
upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or
fraud may occur and not be detected.
Under the supervision and with the participation of management, we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2025. Based on
that evaluation, our PEO and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer (PFAO) concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures are effective at a reasonable assurance level as of March 31, 2025.
50
Table of Contents
MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed under the supervision of our PEO and PFAO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
US GAAP. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate.
As of March 31, 2025, our management, including our PEO and PFAO, assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (commonly referred to as
COSO). Based on this assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was effective based on this criteria. The registered public accounting firm that audited our consolidated financial
statements in Part IV within this Annual Report has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial
reporting. Refer to Part IV, “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting,” on page F-4 within this Annual Report.
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management’s evaluation
pursuant to Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the three months ended March 31, 2025, that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
PEO AND PFAO CERTIFICATIONS
The certifications of our PEO and PFAO required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act are filed as Exhibit
31.1 and Exhibit 31.2, and furnished as Exhibit 32.1, to this Annual Report. This Part II, Item 9A, should be read in
conjunction with such certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
DIRECTOR AND OFFICER TRADING PLANS AND ARRANGEMENTS
Our directors and officers may enter into trading plans or other arrangements with financial institutions to
purchase or sell shares of our common stock. These plans or arrangements may constitute Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements, in each case as defined under Item 408(a) of Regulation
S-K.
Set forth below is a summary of the adoption, modification, and termination activity of our directors and
executive officers with respect to Rule 10b5-1 trading plans during the three months ended March 31, 2025:
Aggregate
Shares Covered
Name & Title Adoption Date Termination Date Contract End Date (in ones) (1)
Angela Ogbechie,
Chief Supply Chain Officer February 27, 2025 * December 31, 2025 12,570
Bonita Stewart,
Director February 10, 2025 * May 27, 2026 9,000
*Not applicable.