 With few exceptions, the Company is no
longer subject to US federal, state, local, or foreign income tax examinations by tax authorities before fiscal year
2021.
Although the Company believes its tax estimates are reasonable and prepares its tax filings in accordance with
all applicable tax laws, the final determination with respect to any tax audits, and any related litigation, could be
materially different from the Company’s estimates or from its historical income tax provisions and accruals. The
results of an audit or litigation could have a material impact on results of operations or cash flows in the periods for
which that determination is made. In addition, future period earnings may be adversely impacted by litigation costs,
settlements, penalties, or interest assessments. However, management does not currently expect any such audits
and inquiries to have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
NOTE 6. REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITIES
Primary Credit Facility. In December 2022, the Company refinanced in full and terminated its prior credit
agreement originally entered into in September 2018. The refinanced revolving credit facility agreement is with
Citibank, N.A. (Citibank), as administrative agent, Comerica Bank, as sole syndication agent, and the lenders party
thereto (Credit Agreement). The Credit Agreement provides for a five-year, $400,000 unsecured revolving credit
facility (Primary Credit Facility), contains a $25,000 sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit, and matures on
December 19, 2027, subject to extension on early termination as described in the Credit Agreement.
In addition to allowing borrowings in US dollars, the Primary Credit Facility provides a $175,000 sublimit for
borrowings in Euros, Sterling, Canadian dollars, and any other foreign currency that is subsequently approved by
Citibank, each lender, and each bank issuing letters of credit. Subject to customary conditions, the Company has
the option to increase the maximum principal amount available up to an additional $300,000, resulting in a
maximum available principal amount of $700,000. However, none of the lenders have committed at this time to
provide any such increase in the commitment.
The obligations of the Company and each other borrower under the Primary Credit Facility are guaranteed by
the Company’s existing and future wholly owned domestic subsidiaries that meet certain materiality thresholds,
subject to limited exceptions. All obligations under the Primary Credit Facility and the foregoing guaranty are
unsecured, and amounts borrowed may be prepaid at any time without a premium or penalty, subject to limited
exceptions.
Certain of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries may also borrow under the Primary Credit Facility, which permits
the Company, subject to customary conditions, to designate one or more additional subsidiaries organized in foreign
jurisdictions to borrow. The Company is liable for the obligations of each foreign borrower, but the obligations of the
foreign borrowers are several (not joint) in nature.
Interest Rate Terms. At the Company’s election, revolving loans issued under the Primary Credit Facility will
bear interest at the adjusted term SOFR, the adjusted Euro InterBank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the Sterling
Overnight Index Average (SONIA), the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate (CDOR), or the adjusted Alternate Base Rate
(ABR), in each case plus the applicable interest rate margin.
Interest for borrowings in US dollars will fluctuate between SOFR, plus 1.00% and 0.10% based on the
Company’s total net leverage ratio, and ABR, plus 0% per annum. The applicable interest rate margin is based on a
pricing grid based on the Company’s total net leverage ratio and ranges from 1.00% to 1.625% per annum in the
case of loans based on the SOFR, EURIBOR, SONIA, or CDOR, and from 0.00% to 0.625% per annum in the case
of loans based on ABR. As of March 31, 2025, the effective interest rates for SOFR and ABR are 5.40% and 7.50%,
respectively.
F-28
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
Commitment Fees. The Company is required to pay a fee rate that fluctuates between 0.125% and 0.20% per
annum on the daily unused amount of the Primary Credit Facility, with the exact commitment fee based on the
Company’s total net leverage ratio.
Borrowing Activity. During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company made no borrowings or repayments
under the Primary Credit Facility. As of March 31, 2025, the Company has no outstanding balance, $955 of
outstanding letters of credit, and available borrowings of $399,045 under the Primary Credit Facility.
China Credit Facility. In October 2021, Deckers (Beijing) Trading Co.