ducts and the products of
our competitors, and global economic conditions, any of which would increase our manufacturing costs and reduce
our gross margin. The impacts of any of these factors may be exacerbated by global climate change. While we use
purchasing contracts and other pricing arrangements to reduce the effect of sheepskin price fluctuations on our
results of operations, we may be unable to offset the negative effect of a prolonged increase in such prices on our
results of operations. In that event, it is unlikely we will be able to adjust our product prices sufficiently to eliminate
the effect on our gross margin and our financial results may suffer.
In addition, our industry is characterized by rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences, and
we believe there is a growing trend to eliminate the use of certain animal products, most notably fur, in footwear,
apparel, and accessories. For example, the sale of fur is banned in certain US cities, and similar legislation is being
considered in other geographies. While the use of leather and sheepskin has typically not been subject to these
restrictions, it is possible that future legislation could restrict our ability to use sheepskin in the products we sell in
certain geographies. In addition, notwithstanding whether specific legislation is passed, it is possible that consumer
preferences may change based on evolving ethical or social standards, such that our products may potentially
become less desirable to certain consumers. Because sheepskin is used to manufacture a significant portion of our
UGG brand products, any legal or social impediments to the sale of sheepskin products, especially within our large
target markets, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We rely on technical innovation to compete in the market for our products.
Our success relies in part on our continued innovation in both the materials we use and the design of our
footwear. In particular, our HOKA brand maintains its competitiveness through continuous product innovation and
timely introduction of new features and technologies that align with current and emerging consumer expectations.
Also, we continue to invest in research and development to increasingly incorporate preferred materials in our
products as part of our sustainability efforts. We also increasingly use preferred synthetics, preferred regenerated or
synthetic cellulosic fibers, and preferred plant fibers. Although we continue to refine our materials and develop new
properties for specific applications, if we fail to introduce technical innovation in our products or experience issues
with the quality of our products or materials, consumer demand for our products could decline and we may
experience reputational damage. Further, as our brands transition to suppliers with recycled, renewable,
regenerated, and certified/natural materials (preferred materials), we may be subject to increased costs or supply
constraints, which could reduce our sales and profitability and have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations.
We may not succeed in implementing our growth strategies, in which case we may not be able to take
advantage of certain market opportunities and may become less competitive.
As part of our overall growth strategy, we are continually seeking out opportunities to enhance the positioning
of our brands, diversify our product offerings, extend our brands into complementary product categories and
markets, expand geographically, optimize our retail presence both in stores and online, and improve our financial
performance and operational efficiency. Our future growth depends in part on our expansion efforts outside of North
America (international growth strategy). For example, we have opened UGG and HOKA brand retail locations in
international markets through Company-owned stores and through third-party retailers. Flagship stores play a
crucial role in brand market positioning, are operated to have neutral operating profitability, are typically greater in
size, and involve more extensive leasehold improvements and furniture and fixtures compared to our other concept
retail stores. If we are unable to identify new retail locations with consumer traffic sufficient to support a profitable
sales level or elevate our brand market positioning, our retail growth may be limited, and we may be unable to avoid
losses or negative cash flows. Furthermore, our future growth depends in part on our ability to effectively manage
the profitability of our existing retail locations. For example, our failure to successfully identify and close
underperforming stores in a timely manner could have a number of material adverse effects, such as impairments
and a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.