delayed implementation and loss of system availability, which could lead to increased
implementation and/or operational costs, loss or corruption of data, delayed shipments, excess inventory and
interruptions of operations resulting in lost sales and/or profits. If our operational or IT system upgrades,
improvements and associated implementation efforts are not successful, our financial condition and results of
operations could be adversely affected, and our business may become less competitive.
RISKS RELATED TO OUR LEGAL, COMPLIANCE, AND REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT
Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights could reduce sales and adversely affect
the value of our brands.
Our business could be significantly harmed if we are not able to protect our intellectual property rights. We
believe our competitive position is attributable to the value of our trademarks, patents, trade dress, trade names,
trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights. An unfortunate reaction to the success of our brands
is that we have become a target of counterfeiting and product imitation strategies. Although we are aggressive in
legal and other actions in pursuing those who infringe on our intellectual property rights, we cannot guarantee that
the actions we have taken will be adequate to protect our brands in the future, especially because some countries’
laws do not protect these rights to the same extent as US laws. If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual
property rights, it will allow our competitors to sell products that are similar to and directly competitive with our
products, or we could otherwise lose opportunities to sell our products to consumers who may instead purchase a
counterfeit or imitation product, which could reduce sales of our products and adversely affect the value of our
brands. In addition, any intellectual property lawsuits in which we are involved could cost a significant amount of
time and money and distract management’s attention from operating our business, which may negatively affect our
business and results of operations. In addition to fighting intellectual property infringement, we may need to defend
claims against us related to our intellectual property rights. For example, we have faced claims that the word “ugg”
is a generic term. Such a claim was successful in Australia, but similar claims have been rejected by courts in the
US, China, Republic of Türkiye, and the Netherlands. Any court decision or settlement that invalidates or limits
trademark protection of our brands, which allows a third-party to continue to sell products similar to our products, or
that allows a manufacturer or distributor to continue to sell counterfeit products, could lead to intensified competition
and a material reduction in our sales, and could have a material adverse effect on the value of our brands.
24
Table of Contents
Our revolving credit facility agreements expose us to certain risks.
From time to time, we have financed our liquidity needs in part from borrowings made under our revolving
credit facilities. Our ability to borrow under our revolving credit facilities may be limited if the lenders believe there
has been a material adverse change to our business. In addition, our revolving credit facility agreements contain a
number of customary financial covenants and restrictions, which may limit our ability to engage in transactions that
would otherwise be in our best interests, or otherwise respond to changing business and economic conditions, and
may therefore have a material effect on our business. Failure to comply with any of the covenants could result in a
default, allowing our lenders to accelerate the timing of payments, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, operations, financial condition, and liquidity. In addition, in some cases, a default under one revolving
credit facility could result in a cross-default under other revolving credit facilities. Certain of our revolving credit
facility agreements bear interest at a rate that varies by currency. Any increases in interest rates applicable to our
borrowings would increase our cost of borrowing, which would result in a decline in our net income and liquidity.
The tax laws applicable to our business are complex, and changes in tax laws or audits by taxing
authorities could increase our worldwide tax rate and may subject us to additional tax liabilities, which may
materially affect our financial position and results of operations.
Changes in US and foreign tax laws, regulations, and treaties could materially affect our business. These tax
laws require significant judgment and specialized expertise to evaluate and estimate our worldwide provision for
income taxes. Changes in these tax laws, or to their interpretations, could result in a materially higher tax expense
or a higher effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings.