 in thousands, except per share and share data)
Previously, the Company’s six reportable operating segments included the worldwide wholesale operations of
the UGG brand, HOKA brand, Teva brand, Sanuk brand, and Other brands (primarily the AHNU brand and the
Koolaburra brand), and DTC. Reportable operating segment results for all prior periods presented in this Annual
Report have been recast to reflect the change in reportable operating segments.
Forward Stock Split and Authorized Share Increase. On September 13, 2024, the Company (1) effected a six-
for-one forward stock split of its common stock and preferred stock (the stock split), and (2) increased the number of
authorized shares of its common stock from 125,000,000 to 750,000,000, and the number of authorized shares of
its capital stock from 130,000,000 to 755,000,000 (the authorized share increase). The stock split and the
authorized share increase were effected through the filing of an amendment to the Company’s Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Charter Amendment) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware,
which was approved by the Company’s stockholders at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on September 9,
2024 (Annual Meeting). The Charter Amendment did not provide for any increase in the number of authorized
shares of preferred stock, which remains at 5,000,000 shares. There are no shares of preferred stock outstanding
as of March 31, 2025, and 2024. As a result of the stock split, every one share of common stock outstanding on
September 6, 2024, the record date for the stock split, was automatically split into six shares of common stock. The
common stock commenced trading on a post-stock split adjusted basis on September 17, 2024.
All prior period results included in the consolidated financial statements and the related notes within this Annual
Report have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effectiveness of the stock split and the authorized share
increase. Specifically, all share and per share amounts have been adjusted, including: (1) the number of shares
authorized and outstanding on the consolidated balance sheets; (2) the weighted-average common shares
outstanding and the associated earnings per share amounts in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
income, as well as the weighted average common shares outstanding disaggregated in Note 11, “Basic and Diluted
Shares;” (3) the number of shares underlying stock awards and the weighted-average grant date fair value of
annual stock awards in Note 8, “Stock-Based Compensation;” and (4) the total number of shares repurchased and
the average price per share paid in Note 10, “Stockholders’ Equity.” Further, as there was no change to par value,
an amount equal to the par value of the increased shares resulting from the stock split for shares issued was
reclassified to common stock from additional paid-in capital, and for share repurchases was reclassified to retained
earnings from common stock, in the consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated statements of stockholders’
equity.
Consolidation. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly
owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of Estimates. The preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements in accordance with US
GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported. Management
bases these estimates and assumptions upon historical experience, existing and known circumstances,
authoritative accounting pronouncements and other factors that management believes to be reasonable. In addition,
the Company has considered the potential impact of macroeconomic factors, including inflation, changes in tariff
rates, foreign currency exchange rate volatility, changes in interest rates, changes in commodity pricing, changes in
discretionary spending, and recessionary concerns, on its business and operations. Although the full impact of these
factors is unknown, the Company believes it has made appropriate accounting estimates and assumptions based
on the facts and circumstances available as of the reporting date. However, actual results could differ materially
from these estimates and assumptions, which may result in material effects on the Company’s financial condition,
results of operations, and liquidity.