n
increase in income tax expense for lower unrealized tax benefits related to foreign tax authority assessments.
Net Income. The increase in net income, compared to the year ended March 31, 2023, was primarily due to
higher net sales, operating margins, and interest income. Net income per share increased, compared to the year
ended March 31, 2023, due to higher net income and lower weighted-average common shares outstanding driven
by stock repurchases.
Total Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax. The decrease in total other comprehensive loss, net of tax,
compared to the year ended March 31, 2023, was primarily due to lower foreign currency translation losses relating
to changes in the net asset position against European foreign currency exchange rates.
LIQUIDITY
Our liquidity may be impacted by a number of factors, including our results of operations, the strength of our
brands and market acceptance of our products, impacts of seasonality and weather conditions, our ability to
respond to changes in consumer preferences and tastes, the timing of capital expenditures and lease payments,
our ability to collect our trade accounts receivable in a timely manner and effectively manage our inventories, our
ability to manage supply chain constraints, our ability to respond to macroeconomic, geopolitical and international
trade developments, and various other risks and uncertainties described in the section titled “Trends and
Uncertainties Impacting our Business and Industry” above and in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” within this Annual
Report. Furthermore, we may require additional cash resources due to changes in business conditions, strategic
initiatives, or capital allocation strategy, a national or global economic recession, or other future developments,
including any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue.
If there are unexpected material impacts on our business in future periods, we may need to raise additional
cash to fund our operations or pursue our business strategy, in which case we may seek to borrow under our
revolving credit facilities, seek new or modified borrowing arrangements, or sell additional debt or equity securities.
The sale of convertible debt or equity securities could result in additional dilution to our stockholders, and equity
securities may have rights or preferences that are superior to those of our existing stockholders. The incurrence of
additional indebtedness would result in additional debt service obligations, as well as covenants that would restrict
our operations and further encumber our assets. In addition, there can be no assurance that any additional
financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Although we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity
over the long term, factors such as changes in consumer preferences or tastes, prolonged or severe economic
recession or inflationary pressure could adversely affect our business and liquidity.
Sources of Liquidity. We finance our working capital and operating requirements using a combination of cash
and cash equivalents balances, including cash from our repatriation strategy, and cash provided from ongoing
operating activities. We also have available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities. Refer to the
section titled “Cash Flows” below for further discussion on cash flows from ongoing operating activities.
Cash and Cash Equivalents. As of March 31, 2025, our cash and cash equivalents balance is $1,889,188, the
majority of which is held in highly rated money market funds and interest-bearing bank deposit accounts with
established national and global financial institutions. We believe our cash and cash equivalents balances, cash
provided by operating activities, and available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities, will provide
43
Table of Contents
sufficient liquidity to enable us to meet our working capital requirements and contractual obligations for at least the
next 12 months and will be sufficient to allow us to pursue our business strategies and plans. However, there can be
no assurance that sufficient capital will continue to be available or that it will be available on terms acceptable to us.
Repatriation of Cash. Our cash repatriation strategy, and by extension, our liquidity, may be impacted by
several additional considerations, which include future changes to or interpretations of global tax law and
regulations, and our actual earnings in future periods. During the year ended March 31, 2025, no cash and cash
equivalents were repatriated from a foreign subsidiary that were subject to income taxes, compared to $250,000 of
cash and cash equivalents repatriated during the year ended March 31, 2024. As of March 31, 2025, and 2024, we
have $481,836 and $263,820, respectively, of cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries, a portion of
which may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes if it were to be repatriated.