hanging business
needs, or if we or our third-party providers experience a failure in these systems, our ability to accurately forecast
sales, report our financial position and results of operations, or otherwise manage and operate our business could
be adversely affected.
The frequency, intensity, and sophistication of cyber and data security incidents have significantly increased in
recent years. Like other businesses, we have experienced, and are continually at risk of, attacks and incidents. Our
risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature of
these threats, the current global economic and political environment, our prominent size and scale, the advances in
computer capabilities and AI, and the interconnectivity and interdependence of third parties to our systems. We
22
Table of Contents
expend significant resources on IT and data security tools, and processes designed to protect our IT systems and
information, and to ensure an effective response to any attack or incident. Whether these measures are successful,
these expenditures could adversely affect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Although we take the security of our IT systems seriously, there can be no assurance the measures we employ
will prevent unauthorized access to our systems and information. Because the techniques used to obtain
unauthorized access to IT systems are constantly evolving, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or
implement adequate protective measures in response. Cyber-attacks or data incidents could remain undetected for
some period, which could result in significant harm to our systems, as well as unauthorized access to the
information stored on and transmitted by our systems. A cyber-attack or other data security incident could result in
significant disruption of our business such that:
• critical business systems become inoperable or require considerable time or cost to restore;
• personnel are unable to perform their duties or communicate with third-party partners;
• it results in the loss, theft, misuse, or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information;
• we are prevented from accessing information necessary to conduct our business;
• we are required to make unanticipated investments in equipment, technology, or security measures;
• customers cannot place or receive orders, and we are unable to timely ship orders or at all; or
• we become subject to other unanticipated liabilities, costs, or claims.
If any of these events were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations and result in harm to our reputation. In addition, a cyber-attack or other data incident could put
us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the deterioration of our customers’ confidence in our brands, cause our
suppliers to reconsider their relationship with us or impose onerous contractual provisions, and subject us to
litigation, liability, fines, and penalties. We could be subject to regulatory or other actions pursuant to domestic and
international privacy laws, which could result in costly investigations and litigation, civil or criminal penalties,
operational changes, and negative publicity that could adversely affect our reputation, as well as our results of
operations and financial condition.
If we are found to have violated laws concerning the privacy and security of consumers’ or other
individuals’ personal information, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, which could increase
our liabilities and harm our reputation or our business.
There are a number of laws protecting the privacy and security of personal information and increased scrutiny
by regulators, such as the Federal Trade Commission, and state attorneys general focused on our industry. Such
laws include the California Consumer Privacy Act and California Privacy Rights Act, the EU’s General Data
Protection Regulation and member state directives, Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic
Documents Acts, and China’s Personal Information Protection Law, and limit how we may collect, use, share and
store personal information, and they impose obligations to protect that information. Further, we may be subject to
new data privacy and security laws and regulations. If we, or any of our service providers who have access to the
personal data for which we are responsible, are found to be in violation of the privacy or security requirements of
applicable data protection laws, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, which could increase our liabilities,
harm our reputation, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. Although we utilize a variety of measures to secure the data that we control, even compliant entities can
experience security breaches or have inadvertent failures despite employing reasonable practices and safeguards.