d amount of the Primary Credit Facility, with the exact commitment fee based on the
Company’s total net leverage ratio.
Borrowing Activity. During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company made no borrowings or repayments
under the Primary Credit Facility. As of March 31, 2025, the Company has no outstanding balance, $955 of
outstanding letters of credit, and available borrowings of $399,045 under the Primary Credit Facility.
China Credit Facility. In October 2021, Deckers (Beijing) Trading Co., LTD (DBTC), a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company, entered into a credit agreement in China (as amended, the China Credit Facility) that
provides for an uncommitted revolving line of credit of up to CNY300,000, or $41,338, with an overdraft facility
sublimit of CNY100,000, or $13,779. The China Credit Facility is payable on demand and subject to annual review
with a defined aggregate period of borrowing of up to 24 months, which was amended to increase from 12 months
in November 2023. The obligations under the China Credit Facility are guaranteed by the Company for 108.5% of
the facility amount in US dollars.
Interest Rate Terms. Interest is based on the People’s Bank of China market rate multiplied by a variable
liquidity factor. As of March 31, 2025, the effective interest rate is 3.40%.
Borrowing Activity. During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company made no borrowings or repayments
under the China Credit Facility. As of March 31, 2025, the Company has no outstanding balance, outstanding bank
guarantees of $455, and available borrowings of $40,883 under the China Credit Facility.
Debt Covenants. Under the Credit Agreement, the Company is subject to usual and customary
representations and warranties, and contains usual and customary affirmative and negative covenants, which
include limitations on liens, additional indebtedness, investments, restricted payments, indemnification provisions in
favor of the lenders and transactions with affiliates. The financial covenant requires the total net leverage ratio to be
no greater than 3.75 to 1.00.
Under the Credit Agreement, the Company is also subject to other customary limitations, as well as usual and
customary events of default, which include non-payment of principal, interest, fees and other amounts; breach of a
representation or warranty; non-performance of covenants and obligations; default on other material debt;
bankruptcy or insolvency; material judgments; incurrence of certain material Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974 (ERISA) liabilities; and a change of control of the Company.
Under the China Credit Facility, DBTC is subject to usual and customary representations and warranties, and
usual and customary affirmative and negative covenants, which include limitations on liens and additional
indebtedness.
As of March 31, 2025, the Company is in compliance with all financial covenants under the Primary Credit
Facility and China Credit Facility.
NOTE 7. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Leases. The Company primarily leases retail stores, showrooms, offices, and distribution facilities under
operating lease contracts which vary in lease terms but, in the aggregate, continue in effect through calendar year
2035. Some of the Company’s operating leases contain extension options between one to 15 years. Historically, the
Company has not entered into finance leases and its lease agreements generally do not contain residual value
guarantees, options to purchase underlying assets, or material restrictive covenants.
F-29
Table of Contents
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023
(amounts in thousands, except per share and share data)
Variable Lease Payments. Certain leases require additional payments based on (1) actual or forecasted sales
volume (either monthly or annually), (2) reimbursement for real estate taxes (tax), (3) common area maintenance
(CAM), and (4) insurance (collectively, variable lease payments). Variable lease payments are generally excluded
from operating lease assets and lease liabilities and are recorded in rent expense as a component of SG&A
expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Some leases are dependent upon forecasted
annual sales volume, and lease payments are recognized on a straight-line basis as rent expense over each annual
period when the achievement of the related sales target is reasonably likely to occur. Other variable lease
payments, such as tax, CAM, and insurance, are recognized in rent expense as incurred. Some leases contain one
fixed lease payment that include variable lease payments, which are considered non-lease components. The
Company has elected to account for these instances as a single lease component and the total of these fixed
payments is used to measure the operating lease assets and lease liabilities.
Discount Rate.