mments 26
Item 1C. Cybersecurity 27
Item 2. Properties 28
Item 3. Legal Proceedings 29
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures *
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases 29
of Equity Securities
Item 6. [Reserved] *
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 49
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 50
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure *
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 50
Item 9B. Other Information 51
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections *
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 52
Item 11. Executive Compensation 52
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related 52
Stockholder Matters
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 52
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 52
PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 52
Signatures 55
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules F-1
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary *
*Not applicable.
1
Table of Contents
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 (Annual Report), and the information and
documents incorporated by reference within this Annual Report, contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (Exchange Act), which statements are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking
statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. Forward-looking statements include all statements other than statements of historical fact contained in, or incorporated by
reference within, this Annual Report. We have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by using words such as
“anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “will,” or “would,” and
similar expressions or the negative of these expressions. Specifically, this Annual Report, and the information and documents
incorporated by reference within this Annual Report, contain forward-looking statements relating to, among other things:
• global geopolitical tensions and conflicts, including the impact of economic sanctions on our supply chain
costs, such as those related to United States (US) and foreign trade policies and the enactment of tariffs and
retaliatory tariffs;
• changes in consumer preferences and the purchasing behavior of wholesale partners and consumers
impacting our brands and products, and the footwear and fashion industries;
• global economic trends, including foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes in interest rates,
inflationary pressures, changes in commodity pricing, and recessionary concerns;
• the ability to effectively compete in a highly competitive footwear, apparel, and accessories industry;
• the operational challenges faced by our warehouses and distribution centers (DCs), wholesale partners, global
third-party logistics providers (3PLs), and third-party carriers, including as a result of global supply chain
disruptions and labor shortages;
• availability of materials and manufacturing capacity, and reliability of overseas production and storage;
• expansion of our brands, product offerings, and investments in our distribution facilities, e-commerce websites,
and our retail store footprint;
• our business, operating, investing, capital allocation, marketing, and financing plans and strategies;
• changes to our product distribution strategies, including product allocation and segmentation strategies;
• trends, seasonality, and weather impacting the demand for our products;
• changes to the geographic and seasonal mix of our brands and products;
• the impact of our efforts to continue to advance sustainable and socially conscious business operations, and to
meet the expectations that our investors and other stakeholders have with respect to our environmental, social,
and governance (ESG) practices;
• the effects of climate change, natural disasters, and the impacts of public health issues, and the related
changes in the regulatory environment and consumer demand to mitigate these effects, and the resulting
impact on our business and the businesses of our customers, consumers, suppliers, and business partners;
• security breach or other disruption to our information technology (IT) systems, or those of our vendors, and our
effective utilization of technological advancements, including artificial intelligence;
• the outcomes of legal pro