 As a result, we could be required to reduce the price we can charge
for our products or increase our marketing and promotional expenses to generate additional demand for our
products. In either case, these changes could reduce our sales and profitability, which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
We sell a significant portion of our products through higher-end specialty and department store retailers, as
well as through online marketplaces. The businesses of these customers may be affected by factors such as
changes in economic conditions, ongoing geopolitical conflicts and uncertainties, fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates, failures or instability in the US banking system, reduced consumer demand for premium products,
decreases in available credit, and increased competition. If our customers face financial difficulties, it could have an
adverse effect on our estimated allowances and reserves, and potentially result in us losing key customers.
We face intense competition from both established companies and newer entrants into the market, and
our failure to compete effectively could cause our market share to decline, which could harm our reputation
and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
The footwear, apparel, and accessories industry is highly competitive and subject to changing consumer
preferences and tastes. Our inability to compete effectively could cause our market share to decline, which could
harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our
competitors include both established companies and newer entrants into the market. In particular, we believe that,
as a result of the growth of the UGG and HOKA brands, competitors have entered the marketplace specifically in
response to the success of our brands, and other competitors may do so in the future, particularly as access to
offshore manufacturing and changes in technology make it easier and more cost effective to compete. A number of
our larger competitors have significantly greater financial, technological, engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and
distribution resources than we do, as well as greater brand awareness in the footwear, apparel, and accessories
markets among consumers. As a result, we have faced, and expect to continue to face, intense pressure with
respect to competition for key customer accounts and distribution channels. These competitors may have
relationships with our key retail customers that are more important to those customers because of the significantly
larger volume and product mix that our competitors sell to them. Our competitors’ greater resources may enable
them to more effectively compete on the basis of price and production, develop new products more quickly or with
superior technical capabilities, adapt to changes in technology, including the successful utilization of data analytics,
artificial intelligence, and machine learning, market their products and brands more successfully, identify or
influence consumer preferences, increase their market share, withstand the effects of seasonality, and manage
periodic downturns in the footwear, apparel, and accessories industry or in economic conditions. As a result of these
pressures, we have faced, and expect to continue to face, intense pricing pressure. Efforts by our competitors to
dispose of excess inventories may significantly reduce prices of competitive products, which may pressure us to
reduce the pricing of our products to compete, or cause consumers to shift their purchasing decisions away from
our products entirely. Further, we believe that our key customers face intense competition from their competitors,
which could negatively affect the financial stability of their businesses and their ability to conduct business with us.
If we are unsuccessful at managing product manufacturing decisions to offset the inherent seasonality
of our business, we may be unable to accurately forecast our inventory and working capital requirements,
which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Like other companies in our industry, we have an extended design and manufacturing process, which involves
product design, material purchases, inventory accumulation and the subsequent sale of the inventories, and
accounts receivable collection. This cycle requires us to incur significant expenses relating to the design,
manufacturing, and marketing of our products in advance of the realization of revenue from sales, and results in
significant liquidity requirements and working capital fluctuations throughout our fiscal year. Because this cycle
involves long lead times, which require us to make manufacturing decisions months in advance of an anticipated
purchasing decision by the consumer, it is challenging to manage our inventory and working capital requirements.