esult in increased costs or loss of customers. In addition,
there is no guarantee a new customer will generate results that are more favorable than the terminated party.
We face a risk that key customers may not increase their business with us as we expect or may significantly
decrease their business with us or terminate our relationship. Although no single customer accounted for 10.0% or
more of our total net sales during fiscal year 2025, our top ten customers made up 23.7% of total net sales. The
failure to increase sales with our key customers would have a negative effect on our growth prospects, and any
decrease or loss of these customers’ business could result in a material decrease in our net sales and net income if
we are unable to capture these sales through our DTC channel. Further, as of March 31, 2025, we have one
customer that represents 13.6% of trade accounts receivable, net. Trade accounts receivable, net are typically
unsecured and thus subject us to a risk that we will be unable to timely collect on amounts owed, which could affect
our revenue and liquidity. Sales to our customers are on an order-by-order basis and may be cancelled or
rescheduled by our customers. We rely on purchase order delivery dates as a key factor in forecasting our sales
and earnings, and if our customers postpone, reduce, or discontinue purchases from us, we could fail to meet our
forecasted results. These risks have been exacerbated as our key customers are impacted by significant structural
changes to the retail industry fueled by changing technology, consumer and wholesale partner purchasing behavior,
and economic conditions, as well as a shrinking retail footprint. These trends have been, and may in the future be,
intensified by a pandemic or other public health emergency. We may lose key customers if they fail to manage the
effect of this rapidly changing retail environment. Any loss of one of these key customers, or a significant reduction
in purchases from one of these customers, could result in a significant decline in sales, write-downs of excess
inventory, or pressure to discount our products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition or results of operations. Further, a key customer may dispose of their excess inventories to consumers or
unauthorized sellers at significantly reduced prices, which may put pressure on us to reduce our prices to compete,
or cause consumers to shift their purchasing decisions away from our authorized sellers entirely.
15
Table of Contents
We depend on qualified talent and, if we are unable to retain or hire executive officers, key employees,
and skilled talent, we may not be able to achieve our strategic objectives, and our results of operations may
be adversely impacted.
To execute our growth plan, we must continue to attract and retain highly qualified talent, including executive
officers and key employees. Further, to continue to develop new products and successfully operate and grow our
key business processes, it is important for us to continue hiring and retaining talent in highly skilled footwear,
apparel and accessories design, marketing, merchandising, sourcing, technology, operations, and support
functions. Competition for executive officers, key employees, and skilled talent is intense within our industry and
there continues to be upward pressure on the compensation paid to these professionals. Changes to our office
environment or work models may not meet our employees’ expectations. Many of the companies with which we
compete for experienced talent have greater name recognition and financial resources than we have. Further,
continued strength of our results may result in other companies and competitors perceiving our employees as more
desirable. If our employment proposition is not perceived as favorable compared to other companies’, it could
negatively affect our ability to attract, hire, and retain our employees. We are committed to offering competitive
compensation and benefits to employees across our business to positively affect attrition, which impacts our selling,
general, and administrative (SG&A) expenses. Our domestic headquarters are located in Goleta, California, which
is not generally recognized as a prominent commercial center, and it is difficult to attract qualified professionals due
to our location. If we hire employees from competitors, their former employers may assert that we or these
employees have breached legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. In addition,
prospective and existing employees often consider the value of the stock-based compensation when deciding
whether to take a job.