nd market positioning, our retail growth may be limited, and we may be unable to avoid
losses or negative cash flows. Furthermore, our future growth depends in part on our ability to effectively manage
the profitability of our existing retail locations. For example, our failure to successfully identify and close
underperforming stores in a timely manner could have a number of material adverse effects, such as impairments
and a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
We also license the right to operate our brand retail stores to third parties through our partner retail program.
All of the partner retail stores are operated in international markets. We provide training to support these stores and
set and monitor operational standards. However, the quality of these store operations may decline due to the failure
of these third parties to operate the stores in a manner consistent with our standards or our failure to adequately
monitor these third parties, which could result in reduced sales and cause our brand image to suffer.
17
Table of Contents
As part of our international growth strategy, we may transition certain brands in certain geographies from a
third-party distribution model to a direct distribution model or vice versa. Failure to effectively implement our growth
strategies and develop our business in new international markets, or disappointing growth within existing markets,
could negatively affect our revenues and rate of growth and result in our business becoming less competitive. In
addition, taking steps to implement our growth strategies could have a number of negative effects, including
increasing our working capital needs, causing us to incur costs without any corresponding benefits, and diverting
management time and resources away from our existing business.
Increasing expectations from investors, regulators, and other key stakeholders with respect to our
ESG practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks.
Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds, stockholders, customers,
consumers, employees, non-governmental organizations, the media, including social media, and regulators, such
as the SEC, are increasingly scrutinizing corporate responsibility, specifically related to ESG practices and
disclosures of companies and the implications of the social and environmental costs of their investments. From time
to time, we communicate certain ESG initiatives to market participants and our customers and business partners,
including through our annual Creating Change Report. Any ESG disclosure we make may include our policies,
practices, initiatives, and goals on a variety of human rights, corporate governance, environmental compliance,
sustainability, employee health and safety practices, human capital management, product quality, supply chain
management, and workforce inclusion and diversity. Although we have undertaken expansive efforts to improve and
implement our ESG initiatives, it is possible stakeholders may not be satisfied with such disclosures, or our ESG
practices or the speed of their adoption. In addition, negative perception of diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives,
whether due to perceived over or under pursuit of such initiatives, could result in reduced customer demand,
stockholder activism, regulatory inquiries, and litigation or other adverse impacts. The establishment of ESG criteria
and key metrics, as well as the collection of relevant data subject to evolving internal controls and processes, can
be costly, complex, and time consuming, and is subject to evolving reporting standards and regulations. If our ESG
practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, or if we
are perceived to have not appropriately responded to the growing concern for ESG issues, regardless of whether
there is a legal requirement to do so, it may negatively affect our employee retention and recruitment, or we may
suffer from reputational damage and our business and financial condition could be materially and adversely
affected. We may also incur additional costs or require additional resources to monitor such stakeholder
expectations and standards and to meet our targets and commitments. Further, we could fail, or be perceived to fail,
to achieve our ESG initiatives or goals, or we could fail to report our progress fully and accurately on such initiatives
and goals, which could negatively affect our reputation, employee retention and recruitment, and the willingness of
our customers and suppliers to do business with us.
Increasing focus on ESG matters has resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, the adoption of legal
and regulatory requirements designed to mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment and requiring
climate-related disclosures.