ers, and the impacts of public health issues, and the related
changes in the regulatory environment and consumer demand to mitigate these effects, and the resulting
impact on our business and the businesses of our customers, consumers, suppliers, and business partners;
• security breach or other disruption to our information technology (IT) systems, or those of our vendors, and our
effective utilization of technological advancements, including artificial intelligence;
• the outcomes of legal proceedings, including the impact they may have on our business and intellectual
property rights;
• our interpretation of applicable global tax regulations and changes in tax laws and audits that may impact our
tax liability and effective tax rates;
• our cash repatriation strategy regarding earnings of non-US subsidiaries and the resulting tax impacts; and
• the value of long-lived assets and potential write-downs or impairment charges.
Forward-looking statements represent management’s current expectations and predictions about trends affecting our
business and industry and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Although we do not make
forward-looking statements unless we believe we have a reasonable basis for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy or
completeness. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that
may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or
achievements predicted, assumed, or implied by the forward-looking statements. Some of the risks and uncertainties that may
cause our actual results to materially differ from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements are described in
Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” and Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations,” within this Annual Report, as well as in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which
are available free of charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and our website at ir.deckers.com. You should read this
Annual Report, including the information and documents incorporated by reference herein, in its entirety and with the
understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from the results expressed or implied by these forward-
looking statements. Moreover, new risks and uncertainties emerge occasionally, and it is not possible for management to predict
all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or
combination of factors, may cause our actual future results to be materially different from any results expressed or implied by any
forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, we
expressly disclaim any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We qualify all our forward-looking
statements with these cautionary statements.
2
Table of Contents
PART I
References within this Annual Report to “Deckers,” “we,” “our,” “us,” “management,” or the “Company” refer to
Deckers Outdoor Corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries. UGG® (UGG), HOKA® (HOKA), Teva®
(Teva), AHNU® (AHNU), Koolaburra by UGG® (Koolaburra), and UGGplushTM (UGGplush) are some of our
trademarks. Other trademarks or trade names appearing elsewhere within this Annual Report are the property of
their respective owners. The trademarks and trade names within this Annual Report are referred to without the ®
and ™ symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indication that their respective owners will not
assert their rights to the fullest extent under applicable law.
Unless otherwise indicated, all figures herein are expressed in thousands, except for per share and share data.
The defined periods for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 are stated herein as “year ended” or
“years ended.” We also refer to these fiscal years as “fiscal year 2025,” “fiscal year 2024,” and “fiscal year 2023,”
respectively.
During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, we updated our reportable operating segments to better reflect
changes in the way our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) evaluates performance, makes operating
decisions, and allocates resources. In connection with executive leadership alignment, and the recent divestiture
and phase out of certain brands, the CODM shifted resource allocation decisions and performance assessment to a
brand focus, rather than a distribution channel focus. Our reportable operating segments include the worldwide
operations of the UGG brand, HOKA brand, and Other brands.