ephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share DECK New York Stock Exchange
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of
the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-
accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large
accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reporting company ☐
Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s
assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial
statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial
statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery
analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant
recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).
Yes ☐ No ☒
At September 30, 2024, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter,
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by the non-affiliates of the registrant was
approximately $24,144,731,557, based on the number of shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of that
date, and the last reported sale price of the registrant’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, on the New York
Stock Exchange on that date, which was $159.45. This calculation does not reflect a determination that persons are
affiliates for any other purposes.
As of the close of business on May 9, 2025, the number of outstanding shares of the registrant’s common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, was 149,435,875.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the registrant’s definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to the registrant’s 2025 annual
meeting of stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of
the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are incorporated by reference in Part III within this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. With the exception of the portions of the Proxy Statement specifically incorporated
herein by reference, the Proxy Statement and related proxy solicitation materials are not deemed to be filed as part
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
DECKERS OUTDOOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 2
PART I
Item 1. Business 3
Item 1A. Risk Factors 12
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 26
Item 1C. Cybersecurity 27
Item 2. Properties 28
Item 3. Legal Proceedings 29
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures *
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases 29
of Equity Securities
Item 6. [Reserved] *
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 31
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 49
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 50
Item 9.