ocated in Goleta, California, which
is not generally recognized as a prominent commercial center, and it is difficult to attract qualified professionals due
to our location. If we hire employees from competitors, their former employers may assert that we or these
employees have breached legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. In addition,
prospective and existing employees often consider the value of the stock-based compensation when deciding
whether to take a job. If our stock price is volatile, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain qualified
talent and we may be unable to achieve our long-term strategic objectives, our results of operations may suffer, and
it may damage our reputation as a preferred employer, which would challenge our ability to effectively compete
across the global labor market.
We believe our culture has been and will continue to be a key contributor to our success. If we do not maintain
our culture and core values, the growth and success of our business may be harmed. Any failure to preserve our
culture could negatively affect our ability to recruit and retain talent and to achieve our strategic objectives.
The continued service of our executive officers and key employees is particularly important, and the departure
of such talent may disrupt our business or result in the depletion of significant institutional knowledge. Our executive
officers and key employees are employed on an at-will basis, which means that they can terminate their
employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or other key employees or
significant turnover in our senior management, and the often-extensive process of identifying and hiring other talent
to fill those key positions, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
We use sheepskin to manufacture a significant portion of our products, and if we are unable to obtain
sufficient sheepskin at acceptable prices that meets our quality expectations, or if there are legal or social
impediments to our ability to use sheepskin, it could have a material adverse effect on our business.
We purchase certain raw materials that are affected by commodity prices, the most significant of which is
sheepskin. The supply of sheepskin, which is used to manufacture a significant portion of our UGG brand products,
is in high demand and there are limited suppliers that are able to provide the quantity and quality of sheepskin that
we require. In addition, our unique product design and animal welfare standards require sheepskin that may be
found only in certain geographies. Sheepskin used in our UGG brand products is sourced primarily from designated
suppliers in Australia and processed by two tanneries in China. If this sheepskin and the resulting products we
produce do not conform to our quality or sustainability specifications or fail to meet consumer expectations, we
could experience reduced demand for our products, a higher rate of customer returns, and negative effects on the
image of our brands, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, if these tanneries
are not able to deliver sheepskin in the quantities required, or were to cease operations, we may not be able to
timely obtain suitable substitute materials, which would limit our ability to meet demand for our products, lead to
inventory shortages, result in a loss of sales, strain our customer relationships, and harm our reputation. In addition,
any factors that negatively affect the business of these tanneries, or the businesses of the suppliers that warehouse
their inventories, such as loss of customers, financial instability, loss or destruction of property, work stoppages,
political instability, or acts of terrorism or catastrophic events, could result in shortages in our supply of sheepskin.
While we have experienced stable pricing in recent years, fluctuations in the price of sheepskin could occur as
a result of any factors that increase the demand for, or decrease the supply of, sheepskin, including weather
16
Table of Contents
patterns, supply conditions, energy prices, work stoppages, increased logistics costs, government regulation,
sanctions and policy, market speculation, compliance with our standards, harvesting decisions, incidence of
disease, the price of other commodities, such as wool and leather, the demand for our products and the products of
our competitors, and global economic conditions, any of which would increase our manufacturing costs and reduce
our gross margin. The impacts of any of these factors may be exacerbated by global climate change. While we use
purchasing contracts and other pricing arrangements to reduce the effect of sheepskin price fluctuations on our
results of operations, we may be unable to offset the negative effect of a prolonged increase in such prices on our
results of operations.