age
and connect with our consumers and communicate a consistent message that promotes awareness of our brands’
promises and key initiatives, offers targeted information to specific consumer demographics, and drives consumers
to our retail stores. As of March 31, 2025, we operate Company-owned e-commerce websites in 56 different
countries.
Retail Stores. Retail stores enable us to expose consumers to a curated selection of products and directly
influence our consumers’ experience with our brands. Our Company-owned mono-branded retail stores are
predominantly UGG brand concept and outlet stores, as well as HOKA brand concept stores, which we continue to
open in key markets to further grow our brand presence and appeal to a broader consumer base. As of March 31,
2025, we have a total of 179 global Company-owned retail stores (including 137 UGG brand retail stores and 42
HOKA brand retail stores), which include 92 concept stores and 87 outlet stores.
Retail store definitions are as follows:
• Concept Stores. Concept stores are Company-owned mono-branded stores launched in strategic
locations, designed to offer a curated, themed experience and a unique selection of products,
aiming to evoke a specific lifestyle for our brands. Concept stores include the following:
◦ Flagship Stores. Premium mono-branded stores in key global markets, such as major
tourist locations typically with above average square footage, designed to provide broader
product offerings and generate greater traffic that enhances the consumer experience and
increases brand loyalty.
◦ Shop-in-shop (SIS) Stores. SIS stores are operated by us or non-employees within a
department store, which we lease from the store owner by paying a percentage of store
sales and for which we own the inventory.
• Outlet Stores. Outlet stores are Company-owned stores designed to sell certain discontinued styles
from prior seasons, full price in-line products, and products made specifically for the outlet stores.
GEOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION
US Distribution. In our wholesale channel, we sell our products in the US through sales representatives,
organized by brand and either geography or account type, as each brand generally has certain specialty customers
that expect a dedicated sales team with specialized knowledge of the brand’s product offerings. In addition to our
wholesale channel, we sell products directly to consumers through our DTC channel and fulfill online orders through
our warehouses, DCs, and retail stores.
We currently distribute products sold in the US through our DCs in Moreno Valley, California, and Mooresville,
Indiana. We also distribute products to our wholesale channel customers through a DC bypass program. Our
warehouses and DCs feature a warehouse management system that enables us to efficiently pick and pack
products for direct shipment to customers and consumers.
5
Table of Contents
International Distribution. Collectively, our brands are sold internationally in Canada, Europe, Asia, and Latin
America. We sell our products internationally in our wholesale channel through wholly owned subsidiaries and
independent distributors, some of which operate partner retail stores. In addition, in certain countries we sell
products through our DTC channel. For our wholesale and DTC channels, we distribute our products through a
number of warehouses and DCs managed by 3PLs in certain international locations.
Refer to Part I, Item 2, “Properties,” and Note 7, “Commitments and Contingencies,” of our consolidated
financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for further information on our properties and related
minimum lease and other commitments. Refer to Note 13, “Concentration of Business,” of our consolidated financial
statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for additional information regarding geographic areas and
concentration of related business risks.
REPORTABLE OPERATING SEGMENTS
During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, we updated our reportable operating segments to better reflect
changes in the way our CODM makes resource allocation decisions and assesses performance. In connection with
executive leadership alignment, and the recent divestiture and phase out of certain brands, the CODM shifted
resource allocation decisions and performance assessment to a brand focus, rather than a distribution channel
focus. As of March 31, 2025, our three reportable operating segments include the worldwide operations of the UGG
brand, HOKA brand, and Other brands (collectively, our reportable operating segments).
Refer to Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations,” the section titled “Basis of Presentation,” in Note 1, “General,” and to Note 12, “Reportable Operating
Segments,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for additional information
regarding the recent change in our reportable operating segments and our results of operations.