lect
changes in the way our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) evaluates performance, makes operating
decisions, and allocates resources. In connection with executive leadership alignment, and the recent divestiture
and phase out of certain brands, the CODM shifted resource allocation decisions and performance assessment to a
brand focus, rather than a distribution channel focus. Our reportable operating segments include the worldwide
operations of the UGG brand, HOKA brand, and Other brands. Refer to the section titled “Reportable Operating
Segment Overview,” in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations,” and section titled “Basis of Presentation,” in Note 1, “General,” of our consolidated financial
statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for further information.
On September 13, 2024, we effected a six-for-one forward stock split of our common stock and preferred stock
(the stock split) and a proportional increase in our authorized shares of common stock, without changing the par
value of $0.01 per share. The common stock commenced trading on a post-stock split adjusted basis on September
17, 2024. Prior period results included in this Annual Report, including per share and share data, as well as
stockholders’ equity balances, have been retroactively adjusted, as applicable, to reflect the effectiveness of the
stock split. Refer to the section titled “Basis of Presentation,” in Note 1, “General,” of our consolidated financial
statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for further information regarding the stock split.
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
GENERAL
We are a global leader in designing, marketing, and distributing innovative footwear, apparel, and accessories
developed for both everyday casual lifestyle use and high-performance activities. We market our products primarily
under five proprietary brands: UGG, HOKA, Teva, AHNU, and Koolaburra. Our brands compete across the fashion
and casual lifestyle, performance, running, and outdoor markets. We believe our products are distinctive and appeal
to a broad demographic. Our brands sell our products through quality domestic and international retailers,
international distributors, and directly to global consumers through our Direct-to-Consumer (DTC) channel, which is
comprised of an e-commerce and retail store presence. We seek to differentiate our brands and products by offering
diverse lines that emphasize fashion, authenticity, functionality, quality, and comfort, and products tailored to a
variety of activities, seasons, and demographic groups. Independent third-party contractors manufacture all of our
products (independent manufacturers).
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
Koolaburra Brand. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2025, we began taking steps to phase out our
standalone operations for the Koolaburra brand in order to maintain focus on our most significant organic
opportunities. We closed Koolaburra.com as of March 31, 2025, and plan to wind down the Koolaburra brand in the
wholesale channel by the end of calendar year 2025. Refer to the section titled “The Company,” in Note 1,
“General,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for further information.
3
Table of Contents
Sanuk Brand Asset Sale. We completed the sale of our Sanuk brand and certain related assets on August
15, 2024 (Sanuk Brand Sale Date). Refer to the section titled “The Company,” in Note 1, “General,” of our
consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual Report for further information on the sale of Sanuk
brand.
Forward Stock Split and Authorized Share Increase. On September 13, 2024, we effected a stock split and
an authorized share increase. Our financial results included within this Annual Report have been retroactively
adjusted to reflect the effectiveness of the stock split and the authorized share increase. Refer to the section titled
“Basis of Presentation,” in Note 1, “General,” of our consolidated financial statements in Part IV within this Annual
Report for further information.
BRANDS
UGG. The UGG brand is one of the most iconic and recognized footwear brands in our industry, which
highlights our successful track record of building niche brands into lifestyle and fashion market leaders. With loyal
consumers around the world, the UGG brand has proven to be a highly resilient consumer-focused line of premium
footwear, apparel, and accessories with year-round product offerings that appeal to a growing global audience and
a broad demographic.
HOKA. The HOKA brand is an authentic premium line of year-round performance footwear, which offers
enhanced cushioning and inherent stability with minimal weight. Originally designed for ultra-runners, the brand now
appeals to world champions, taste makers, and everyday athletes.